 
 
 
AXIS/CO/CS/ 148/2025 -26 
 
June 27, 2025  
 
National Stock Exchange of India Limited  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  
Plot No. C/1, “G” Block  
Bandra -Kurla Complex  
Bandra (E), Mumbai – 400 051  
 
NSE Symbol: AXISBANK  BSE Limited  
1st Floor,  
P. J. Towers,  
Dalal Street  
Fort, Mumbai – 400 001  
 
BSE Scrip Code: 532215  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 
SUB: BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY AND  SUSTAINABILITY REPORT OF AXIS BANK LIMITED (THE “BANK”)  
 
REF: REGULATIONS 30 AND 34 OF THE SEBI (LISTING OBLIGATIONS AND DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS) 
REGULATIONS, 2015 (THE “SEBI LISTING REGULATIONS”)  
 
Pursuant to Regulation s 30 and  34 of the SEBI Listing Regulations, please find enclosed herewith the  
Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (“BRSR”) of the Bank  for fiscal 2025.  
 
The BRSR  is available  on the website  of the Bank  at https://www.axisbank.com/shareholders -
corner/shareholders -information/business -responsibility -report .  
 
This is for your information and records.  
 
Thanking You.  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For Axis Bank Limited  
 
 
 
 
Sandeep Poddar  
Company Secretary  
Encl.: as above  
 
CC: 
London Stock Exchange  
Singapore Stock Exchange  1
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Business Responsibility & 
Sustainability Report 2024-25
SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed Entity
Sr. 
No.Particulars Details
1 Corporate Identity Number (CIN) 
of the CompanyL65110GJ1993PLC020769
2 Name of the Company Axis Bank Limited
3 Year of Incorporation 1994
4 Registered office address “TRISHUL”, Third Floor, Opp. Samartheshwar Temple, Law Garden, Ellisbridge, 
Ahmedabad - 380 006, Gujarat
5 Corporate office address ‘Axis House’, C-2, Pandurang Budhkar Marg, Worli, Mumbai – 400 025, Maharashtra
6 E-mail sustainability@axisbank.com
7 T elephone 022-24252525 / 43252525
8 Website www.axisbank.com
9 Financial year for which 
reporting is being doneFY 2024-25
10 Name of the Stock Exchange(s) 
where shares are listedNational Stock Exchange of India Limited (NSE) and BSE Limited (BSE).
11 Paid-up Capital Rs. 619.47 crores
12 Name and contact details 
(telephone, email, address) of the 
person for BRSR ReportingAbhejit Agarwal, Head - Sustainability & CSR  
E-mail ID: sustainability@axisbank.com  
Telephone number: 022-6226 0040
13 Reporting boundary Standalone. All offices and branches of Axis Bank across India unless otherwise stated.
14 Name of assurance provider SGS India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as SGS)
15 Type of assurance obtained Reasonable Assurance on BRSR Core as per SEBI Guidelines and Limited Assurance on 
other BRSR Indicators
II. Products/Services
    16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
Sr. 
No.Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity Percentage of Turnover of the Entity
1 Banking and Financial Services The Bank provides a range of commercial 
banking products and services, including 
loan products, fee and commission-based 
products and services, deposit products and 
foreign exchange and derivatives products 
to India’s leading corporations, middle 
market companies and small and medium 
enterprises. The Bank’s retail operations 
primarily consist of retail lending, payments, 
deposit taking and distribution of third-
party insurance and investment products. 
The Bank also offers agricultural and rural 
banking products.100%Integrated Annual Report 2024-252
Statutory Reports 17. Products/Services sold by the entity (accounting for 90% of the entity’s Turnover):
Sr. 
No.Product/Service NIC CodePercentage of total Turnover 
contributed
1 Monetary intermediation of commercial banks, saving banks, postal 
savings bank and discount houses64191 100%
III. Operations
 18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
Location Number of Plants Number of Offices Total
National    N.A.** 5,876* 5,876
International N.A. 7 7
  * Including extension counters
  ** N.A. stands as Not Applicable throughout the document
 19. Markets served by the entity:
  a. Number of locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States)* 35
International (No. of Countries) 2
   *Including Union Territories
  b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
   N.A.
  c. A brief on types of customers
   Axis Bank serves a diverse customer base across its Retail, Commercial, and Wholesale Banking segments.
  • Retail Banking  caters to urban, semi-urban, and rural customers, offering a comprehensive suite of products 
and services in loans, payments, savings, insurance, and investments. The Bank continues to enhance its 
digital platforms to deliver seamless and accessible banking experiences.
  • Commercial and Wholesale Banking  serves large corporates, MSMEs, Medium Enterprises (ME), Small 
Business Banking (SBB), and the Commercial Banking Group (CBG) with tailored solutions in loans, deposits, 
trade finance, forex, and derivatives, driven by a customer-first and transparent approach.
IV. Employees
 20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
  a. Employees and workers (including differently abled): 
Sr. 
No.Particulars Total (A)Male Female Other
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (D) % (D / A)
Employees
1 Permanent (D) 1,04,453 75,542 72% 28,910 28% 1 0%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 9,948 8,363 84% 1,584 16% 1 0%
3 T otal employees (D + E) 1,14,401 83,905 73% 30,494 27% 2 0%3
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Sr. 
No.Particulars Total (A)Male Female Other
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A) No. (D) % (D / A)
Workers*
4 Permanent (F)
N.A. 5 Other than Permanent (G)
6 T otal workers (F + G)
    *Axis Bank, as a service sector organization, does not have workers as defined under the SEBI BRSR Guidance Note; hence, 
disclosures related to workers are not applicable.
  b. Differently abled Employees and Workers:
Sr. 
No.Particulars Total (A)Male Female
No. (B) % (B / A) No. (C) % (C / A)
Differently abled Employees
1 Permanent (D) 86 71 83% 15 17%
2 Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0%
3 T otal differently abled employees (D + E) 86 71 83% 15 17%
Differently abled Workers
4 Permanent (F)
N.A. 5 Other than Permanent (G)
6 T otal differently abled workers (F + G)
 21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of Women:
Total (A)No. and Percentage of Females
No. (B) % (B / A)
Board of Directors 13 2 15.38%
Key Management Personnel 6 0 0%
 22. Turnover Rate for Permanent Employees and Workers:
Turnover rate  
FY 2024-25Turnover rate  
FY 2023-24Turnover rate  
FY 2022-23
Male Female T otal Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent Employees 25.60% 25.30% 25.50% 28.70% 28.80% 28.80% 34.40% 35.90% 34.80%
Permanent Workers N.A.
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
 23. Names of Holding/ Subsidiary/ Associate Companies/ Joint Ventures
Sr. 
No.Name of the holding /subsidiary / associate 
Companies / Joint Ventures (A)Indicate whether 
holding/Subsidiary/
Associate/Joint Venture% of shares held by listed 
entityDoes the entity participate 
in the Business initiatives of 
the listed entity? (Yes/No)
1 Axis Capital Limited Subsidiary 100% No
2 Axis Mutual Fund Trustee Limited Subsidiary 75% No
3 Axis Trustee Services Limited Subsidiary 100% No
4 Axis Asset Management Company Limited Subsidiary 75% No
5 Axis UK Limited  (formely named as Axis 
Bank UK Limited)1Subsidiary 100% No
6 Axis Finance Limited Subsidiary 100% No
7 Axis Securities Limited Subsidiary 100% No
8 A. Treds Limited Subsidiary 67% No
9 Freecharge Payment Technologies 
Private Ltd.Subsidiary 100% NoIntegrated Annual Report 2024-254
Statutory ReportsSr. 
No.Name of the holding /subsidiary / associate 
Companies / Joint Ventures (A)Indicate whether 
holding/Subsidiary/
Associate/Joint Venture% of shares held by listed 
entityDoes the entity participate 
in the Business initiatives of 
the listed entity? (Yes/No)
10 Freecharge Business and Technology 
Services Ltd.2Subsidiary 100% No
11 Axis Capital USA LLC Step-down Subsidiary 100% (held by Axis 
Capital Ltd.)No
12 Axis Pension Fund Management Limited Step-down Subsidiary 47.27%  
 (Axis Asset Management 
Company Limited - 51%,  
Axis Bank Limited - 
9.02%)No
13 Axis Max Life Insurance Limited3Associate Company 19.02%  
(Axis Bank Limited - 
16.22% Axis Capital 
Limited - 1.89%, Axis 
Securities Limited - 
0.93%) No
 Note:
 1.  The banking license of Axis Bank UK Limited was cancelled by the UK regulators with effect from 24th October 2024. Subsequently, 
the name of the Company is changed from Axis Bank UK Ltd. to Axis UK Ltd. with effect from 1st November 2024. The Company is into 
liquidation since 9th December 2022.
 2.  Freecharge Business And Technology Services Limited, a new subsidiary company of Axis Bank Limited, is incorporated on 16th March 
2024.   
 3.  Axis Bank has purchased stake in Max Life Insurance Company Limited, making it an Associate Company w.e.f. 6th April 2021. The total 
ownership by Axis Entities is 19.02% (Axis Bank - 16.22%, Axis Capital - 1.86%, Axis Securities - 0.93%). Further, Max Life Insurance 
Company Limited has changed its name to Axis Max Life Insurance Limited w.e.f. 12th December 2024 after receiving regulatory 
approval.
VI. CSR Details
 24. (i) Whether CSR is applicable as per Section 135 of Companies Act, 2013:  Yes
  (ii) Turnover (in `.): 1,47,934.10 crores
  (iii) Net worth (in `.): 1,73,051.25 crores
VII. Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
 25. Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from whom 
complaint is 
receivedGrievance Redressal 
Mechanism in Place  
(Yes/No)
(If Yes, then provide  
web-link for grievance redress 
policy)FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number of 
complaints filed 
during the yearNumber of 
complaints 
pending resolution 
at close of the yearRemarksNumber of 
complaints 
filed during the 
yearNumber of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at close 
of the yearRemarks
Communities1Yes, any queries or 
complaints can be shared by 
sending an email to  
csr@axisbank.com0 0 - 0 0 -
Investors 
(other than 
shareholders)Yes, Investors other than 
shareholders may send their 
complaints to  
shareholders@axisbank.com0 0 - 0 0 -5
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Stakeholder 
group from whom 
complaint is 
receivedGrievance Redressal 
Mechanism in Place  
(Yes/No)
(If Yes, then provide  
web-link for grievance redress 
policy)FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number of 
complaints filed 
during the yearNumber of 
complaints 
pending resolution 
at close of the yearRemarksNumber of 
complaints 
filed during the 
yearNumber of 
complaints 
pending 
resolution at close 
of the yearRemarks
Shareholders Yes, Shareholders may 
send their complaints to 
shareholders@axisbank.com26 0 - 33 0 -
Employees and 
workers2Yes, The Bank has 
H-Response, an internal, 
confidential, and secure 
employee grievance/query 
redressal mechanism that is 
accessible to all employees 
through the Bank’s One Axis 
App and the intranet portal83,482 34 - 1,37,235 113 -
— POSH Yes, internal policy 54 12 - 36 8 -
— Whistle 
blower3Yes, Link given below 673 363 - 494 211 -
Customers Yes 5,90,540 11,143 - 5,61,010 20,754 -
Value Chain 
PartnersThe Bank’s Whistleblower mechanism is accessible to all Value Chain Partners
Other (Please 
specify)N.A. N.A. N.A. - N.A. N.A. -
Notes:
I.  The Bank and its implementation partners engage with the community periodically. Any complaints/grievances raised by the community are 
resolved on site on a periodic basis.
II.  H-response records employee complaints which includes general queries related to compensation, location, attendance, administration, 
talent programs, and others received via the Bank’s internal portal, H-Response. Complaints under POSH and Whistleblower categories are 
included separately below the overall employee complaints data.
III. The Bank’s Whistleblower mechanism is applicable to all the stakeholders.
 Policy web links as below: 
 • Whistleblower - https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/quarterly-reports/whistleblower-policy.pdf
 • POSH -  https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/abridged-version-of-the-posh-policy.pdf
 • Customers -  https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/grievance-redressal/grievance-redressal-policy.pdf
 • Shareholders -  https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/shareholders-handbook.pdf
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues:
 Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to environmental and 
social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for identifying the same, approach to 
adapt or mitigate the risk alongwith its financial implications, as per the following format.
Sr. 
No.Material Issue 
IdentifiedIndicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunityIn case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigateFinancial 
Implications of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
1 Risk 
ManagementOpportunity Robust risk management is 
paramount to enhance the Bank’s 
resilience and supports sustainable 
growth. In a dynamic financial 
environment, proactively addressing 
both traditional and emerging 
ESG-related risks is essential for 
managing complexities and seizing 
opportunities.We follow a proactive risk 
management approach supported 
by an independent Risk function 
and Board oversight, ensuring 
timely identification, mitigation, 
and adaptation to emerging risks.PositiveIntegrated Annual Report 2024-256
Statutory ReportsSr. 
No.Material Issue 
IdentifiedIndicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunityIn case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigateFinancial 
Implications of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
2 Corporate 
Governance 
& Ethical 
Business 
ConductOpportunity Strong governance and ethical 
conduct are critical to maintaining 
stakeholder trust and long-
term business sustainability. 
Identifying this as an opportunity 
ensures accountability, mitigates 
reputational and regulatory 
risks, and strengthens the Bank’s 
ability to align with stakeholder 
expectations and evolving ESG 
standards.Our strong Governance 
Framework ensures regulatory 
compliance, rigorous risk 
management, and internal 
controls, enabling sustainable 
value creation for all stakeholders.Positive
3 Regulatory 
ComplianceRisk Compliance with regulatory 
frameworks is critical not just 
for legal adherence but also for 
ensuring long-term value creation. 
Operating in a dynamic regulatory 
environment, the Bank recognizes 
that non-compliance may result 
in financial penalties, legal 
consequences, and reputational 
harm, making it a key material risk.At Axis Bank, a strong culture 
of compliance enhances risk 
mitigation, strengthens business 
resilience, and builds stakeholder 
trust through our commitment to 
ethics and regulatory adherence.Negative
4 Fraud and 
Money 
Laundering: 
- Prevention, 
Detection & 
MitigationRisk Safeguarding against fraud and 
money laundering is crucial for Axis 
Bank and the financial system's 
integrity. As these risks evolve, 
especially with the growth of digital 
banking, it is essential to implement 
comprehensive measures to 
prevent, detect, and respond to 
them across all operations.In response to the persistent 
threat of fraud and money 
laundering in both digital and 
physical realms, we have robust 
policy and process mechanisms 
across all areas of our banking 
operations. By investing in 
advanced technologies and 
enhancing our capabilities, 
we strengthen our ability to 
detect and prevent such risks, 
particularly in digital banking.Negative
5 Privacy and 
Data SecurityRisk Data privacy and security are 
fundamental to maintaining 
customer trust. In today's digital 
world, protecting customer data 
is critical to our customer-centric 
approach. Data breaches can 
severely impact our customers, 
reputation, and business. Therefore, 
it is essential to constantly evaluate 
and improve IT security measures 
to reduce cyber threats and protect 
customer information.Axis Bank prioritises data security, 
investing in robust capabilities 
and adhering to stringent 
cybersecurity policies aligned 
with industry best practices and 
regulations. The Information 
System Security Committee, 
ensures regular assessment and 
validation of controls against 
cyber threats, aligning with ISO 
27001 and PCI DSS standards.Negative7
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Sr. 
No.Material Issue 
IdentifiedIndicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunityIn case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigateFinancial 
Implications of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
6 Return on 
Equity and 
Return to 
ShareholdersOpportunity Return on Equity (ROE) and 
Return to Shareholders have been 
identified as key opportunities as 
they reflect Bank’s overall financial 
performance and the effectiveness 
of Bank’s sustainability initiatives. 
Strong returns enhance investor 
confidence, support efficient capital 
allocation, and drive long-term value.At Axis Bank, ROE signifies 
our profitability and resilience, 
enabling us to attract investors, 
access capital efficiently, and 
drive stakeholder value.Positive
7 Customer 
Experience & 
SatisfactionOpportunity Exceptional customer experience 
and satisfaction are fundamental 
to Bank’s success. With millions 
of customers relying on Bank, we 
are committed to safeguarding 
their interests, ensuring fairness, 
transparency, and the protection 
of their savings and investments. 
Customer feedback and effective 
grievance redressal are vital for 
continuously improving Bank’s 
offerings and service delivery.Through our digital outreach, 
we regularly capture customer 
feedback via satisfaction surveys 
to enhance our offerings.Positive
8 Sustainable 
Finance & 
Responsible 
BankingOpportunity Integrating ESG factors into 
lending and investment directs 
capital toward projects with 
positive impacts, aligning with the 
demand for sustainable investment 
and mitigating risks by reducing 
exposure to sensitive assets. 
Responsible banking and financing 
practices allows Bank to prioritize 
projects with positive social impact 
and avoid those with negative 
consequences.Axis Bank’s Sustainable Financing 
Framework, the first by an Indian 
bank to receive a Second Party 
Opinion, guides future ESG 
issuances. Backed by an ESG 
Lending Policy and overseen 
by a dedicated ESG Working 
Group, the framework integrates 
climate risk into our core risk 
managementwith Board-level 
oversight.Positive
9 Employee 
Engagement, 
Development 
& WellbeingOpportunity Investing in employee development 
and engagement boosts motivation 
and retention, creating a stable and 
productive workforce. Prioritising 
employee health, safety, and well-
being is essential. Creating a safe 
and healthy work environment—
including addressing mental health, 
providing support during difficult 
situations, and promoting work-life 
balance—is crucial for attracting top 
talent and building a strong team.Backed by a comprehensive 
HR policy, Axis Bank promotes 
flexible work, output-driven 
performance, and continuous 
upskilling. Our inclusive culture 
and innovative HR initiatives 
foster career growth, drive 
innovation, and support a diverse, 
future-ready workforce.PositiveIntegrated Annual Report 2024-258
Statutory ReportsSr. 
No.Material Issue 
IdentifiedIndicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunityIn case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigateFinancial 
Implications of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
10 Innovation & 
DigitalisationOpportunity Digitalisation & innovation are 
transforming banking and creating 
significant opportunities. These 
advancements allow Banks to 
optimise operations, enhance 
customer experience, and maintain 
competitiveness. By strategically 
adopting new technologies, Axis 
Bank can streamline processes, 
develop enhanced digital products 
and services, and improve user 
experience.Axis Bank stands out through 
cutting-edge banking technology, 
digital innovation, and beyond-
banking solutions. Enhanced 
digital capabilities and advanced 
analytics strengthen our tech 
framework and elevate customer 
experience.Positive
11 Financial 
Inclusion, 
Literacy and 
AccessOpportunity Financial Inclusion and Literacy 
present a strong opportunity 
to extend Bank’s reach while 
advancing equitable growth. 
Aligned with Axis Bank’s purpose 
of "Banking that leads to a more 
inclusive and equitable economy," 
we aim to empower underserved 
communities by broadening access 
to financial services.Axis Bank’s financial inclusion 
initiatives have empowered 
women and underserved 
communities by expanding 
access to social security schemes 
and formal banking. This has 
deepened rural outreach, built 
customer trust, and support 
sustainable growth.Positive
12 Impact of 
Climate 
ChangeRisk Climate change poses a significant, 
multifaceted risk to Axis Bank, 
impacting its operations and 
broader economy. The Bank 
recognise the financial risks arising 
from climate change and mitigation. 
Our operational energy use, 
especially in digital infrastructure, 
contributes to emissions; inefficient 
management increases costs, 
scrutiny, and environmental harm. 
Axis Bank also recognise the 
importance of financed emissions 
from our investments and 
counterparties and their essential 
role in our climate strategy.Axis Bank is committed to 
developing a proactive mitigation 
and adaptation plan, including 
conducting comprehensive 
climate risk assessments to 
identify and manage potential 
physical and transition risks 
impacting our business. By 
integrating sustainability criteria 
into our operations and credit 
appraisal, we contribute to a 
low-carbon economy, ensuring 
long-term financial stability.Negative
13 Policy 
Advocacy 
& Thought 
LeadershipOpportunity The Bank actively shapes the 
financial ecosystem through 
strategic policy advocacy and 
industry thought leadership, 
contributing to developing robust 
and sustainable regulations by 
providing expert insights to key 
forums like the World Economic 
Forum, SEBI, CII, and FICCI. 
By advocating for policies that 
promote innovation, inclusivity, and 
resilience, Axis Bank demonstrate 
its commitment to responsible 
governance and sustainable growth.Axis Bank drives sustainable 
change through thought 
leadership, policy advocacy, 
and strategic partnerships. By 
engaging in key alliances and 
summits, we shape industry 
practices and promote resilience 
across the financial ecosystem.Positive9
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Sr. 
No.Material Issue 
IdentifiedIndicate 
whether risk 
or opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale for identifying the risk / 
opportunityIn case of risk, approach to adapt or 
mitigateFinancial 
Implications of the 
risk or opportunity 
(Indicate positive 
or negative 
implications)
14 Community 
Engagement 
& 
DevelopmentOpportunity Engaging with communities around 
Bank’s offices or areas of operation 
helps us to better understand their 
needs and challenges, allowing us 
to design focused initiatives that 
create meaningful social impact. 
This approach aligns with Axis 
Bank’s purpose of "Banking that 
leads to a thriving community and a 
healthier planet."Our CSR programs, overseen by 
the Board’s CSR Committee and 
aligned with Section 135 of the 
Companies Act, draw inspiration 
from the UN SDGs. In FY 2024–
25, initiatives spanned diverse 
regions and themes, including 
rural development, healthcare, 
sports, and research.Positive
15 Diversity, 
Equity, and 
InclusionOpportunity Creating a workplace where diverse 
backgrounds are represented, 
all employees feel valued, and 
equitable opportunities are 
available that strengthens the bank. 
Prioritising DE&I enhances Bank’s 
reputation, drives innovation, and 
fuels long-term value creation.Axis Bank’s DE&I approach 
centers on empathy and 
belonging, fostering individual 
growth. Beyond internal efforts, 
we engage communities and 
corporates to promote diversity 
best practices and drive broader 
social impact.Positive
For more information, Refer to the ‘Materiality’ section on page no. 58 of the Bank’s Integrate Annual Report for FY 2024-25
SECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place towards adopting 
the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements. 
Disclosure Question P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Policy and management processes
1. a.  Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover each principle 
and its core elements of the NGRBCs. (Yes/No)Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
 b. Has the policy been approved by the Board? (Yes/No)* Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
 c. Web Link of the Policies, if available 1. P1- Code of Conduct: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
corporate-governance/code-of-conduct-and-ethics.pdf
 Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy:  
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
corporate-governance/code-of-conduct-and-ethics.pdf
 Conflict of Interest:
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
quarterly-reports/conflict-of-interest-policy.pdf
  Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest Norms in 
respect of Board of Directors:
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
corporate-governance/code-of-conduct-and-conflict-of-
interest-norms-for-directors.pdf
2. P2 - ESG Policy for lending: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/esg-policy-and-procedure.pdfIntegrated Annual Report 2024-2510
Statutory ReportsDisclosure Question P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
3. P3 - Equal Employment opportunity policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/Equal_opportunity_policy.pdf
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/diversity-equity-and-inclusion-policy.pdf
 Board Diversity Policy:
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
corporate-governance/policy-on-board-diversity.pdf
 Supplier Code of Conduct: 
  https:/ /application.axisbank.co.in/webforms/cptlead/pdf/
Supplier%20Code%20of%20Conduct.pdf
 Grievance Redressal Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
default-document-library/grievance-redressal/grievance-
redressal-policy.pdf
4. P4 - Shareholders: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/shareholders-handbook.pdf
 Corporate Social Responsibility Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/approved-csr-policy-FY-2023-24.pdf
5. P5  - Human Rights Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/human-rights-policy.pdf
6. P6 - Environmental management policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/axis-bank-policy-on-environmental-
management.pdf
7. P7 – Code of Conduct & Ethics:
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
corporate-governance/code-of-conduct-and-ethics.pdf
8. P8 - Corporate Social Responsibility Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-
document-library/approved-csr-policy-fy-2024-25.pdf
9. P9 - Grievance Redressal Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
default-document-library/grievance-redressal/grievance-
redressal-policy.pdf
 Customer Privacy Policy: 
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
default-document-library/grievance-redressal/grievance-
redressal-policy.pdf11
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Disclosure Question P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
 Customer Rights Policy:
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
noticeboard/importantnotice/customer--rights-policy.pdf
 Whistleblower Policy:  
  https:/ /www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/
quarterly-reports/whistleblower-policy.pdf
The following policies are also available on the Bank’s 
website  https:/ /www.axisbank.com ./
Certain policies, being internal documents, are accessible to 
employees through the Bank’s intranet.
2.  Whether the entity has translated the policy into procedures.  
(Yes / No)Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to your value chain partners?  
(Yes/No)Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes Yes
4.  Name of the national and international codes/certifications/
labels/ standards (e.g., Forest Stewardship Council, Fairtrade, 
Rainforest Alliance, Trustea) standards (e.g., SA 8000, OHSAS, 
ISO, BIS) adopted by your entity and mapped to each principleP2 - IFC Principles (Sustainability and Social Responsibility)
P9 - ISO certified for AWS and Azure Cloud security
ISO 27001 and PCI DSS standards
ISO 27018
5.  Specific commitments, goals and targets set by the entity with 
defined timelines, if any•  Planting ~8 million trees across India by FY 2030 to help 
build a nationwide carbon sink.
• Targeting a 3.5% reduction in carbon emission intensity 
per employee by FY 2027.
• INR 60,000 crore incremental financing under Wholesale 
Banking for socially and environmentally positive sectors 
by FY 2030.
• Progressively scaling down exposure to carbon-intensive 
sectors, including coal and thermal power.
• Aiming to grow EV revenue share to 6% in two-wheeler 
and 4% in four-wheeler passenger loan portfolios by FY 
2027.
• Targeting 30% female representation in the workforce by 
FY 2027.
6.   Performance of the entity against the specific commitments, 
goals, and targets alongwith reasons in case the same are not  
met.• ~ 3.27 million trees planted (Mission2 Million tree 
plantation target and other plantation included).
• The emission intensity (Scope1 & 2 combined) is 1.34 t 
CO2e /FTE in FY 2024-25.
•	 ~₹48,412	crore	financed	under 	Wholesale	Banking	to	
sectors with positive social and environmental outcomes.
• Exposure to carbon intensive sectors under the target.
• Electric Vehicle (EV) penetration stands at 7.14% for two-
wheelers and 2.92% for four - Achieved.
• 27.7% female representation in the workforce by FY 
2025.
* The policies are developed and aligned to applicable compliance requirements, RBI norms and guidelines, requirements of listing agreement with 
stock exchanges, or the Bank’s internal requirements and best practices.  
**The policies are approved by the Board of Directors or Committee of the Board of Directors or senior management of the Bank.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2512
Statutory ReportsGovernance, leadership, and oversight
7.  Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, targets, 
and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure).
 Please refer to the section “MD&CEO’s Statement” page no. 70 of Bank’s Integrated Annual Report for FY 2024-25
8.  Details of the highest authority responsible for implementation and oversight of the Business Responsibility policy (ies).
 The Board of Directors of Axis Bank is the highest authority responsible for oversight of Business Responsibility 
policies. As on 31st March 2025, the Board comprised 13 directors, including 8 Independent Directors, 1 Non-Executive 
Nominee Director, and 4 Whole-time Directors.
 Implementation is driven by the MD & CEO along with senior management, under the Board’s supervision. The Board 
is supported by Board Committees, while Group Executives and Executive Committees ensure operational execution 
and monitoring.
9.  Does the entity have a specified Committee of the Board/ Director responsible for decision making on sustainability 
related issues? (Yes / No). If yes, provide details.
 Yes, the Bank has established a Board-level ESG Committee that is responsible for decision-making on sustainability 
and ESG-related matters. Please refer to page no. 185 of Bank’s Integrated Annual Report for further details on ESG 
Committee.
10. Details of Review of NGRBCs by the Company:
Subject for ReviewIndicate whether review was undertaken by Director / 
Committee of the Board/ Any other CommitteeFrequency
(Annually / Half yearly / Quarterly / Any other – 
please specify)
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9 P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
Performance against above policies 
and follow up action
Yes, the Bank has Board-level committees that convene quarterly, with policies reviewed and updated 
as needed.Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to the 
principles, and rectification of any 
non-compliances
11.  Has the entity carried out independent assessment / evaluation of the working of its policies by an external agency? 
(Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the agency:
P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
No. The responsibility for effective implementation of relevant policies rests with the respective Heads of Departments. The Bank’s 
Internal Audit Department evaluates departmental compliance with applicable policies as part of its mandate. Additionally, the 
Compliance Department monitors adherence to policies mandated by the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), ensuring robust governance and 
regulatory alignment.
12. If answer to question (1) above is “No” i.e. not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1 P2 P3 P4 P5 P6 P7 P8 P9
The entity does not consider the Principles material to its 
business (Yes/No)
N.A.The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position to 
formulate and implement the policies on specified principles 
(Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human and 
technical resources available for the task (Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year (Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)13
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report SECTION C: PRINCIPLE-WISE PERFORMANCE DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent, 
and Accountable
Essential Indicators
1. Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during the financial year:
SegmentTotal number 
of training and 
awareness 
programmes heldTopics/ principles covered under the training and 
its impactPercentage of persons in 
respective category covered by 
the awareness programmes
Board of Directors 13 1.  Emerging Technologies and use case of 
AL/ML in future of Banking
2.  Cybersecurity and Infosec
3.  Global Geopolitical scenario
4.   Board Governance – View from the 
regulator
5.   Challenges and opportunities in the era 
of Digital Banking & FinTech
6.  Board Governance
7.   Global economic outlook and geopolitical 
events: impact on India and Banking
8.   Annual update on AML for Board of 
Directors
9.   Risk Management (Fraud Risk or Climate 
Risk, etc.)
10.   Global macro environment & its impact 
on India
11.   Indian banking industry – An investor’s 
perspective
12.  Credit cycle in India
13.  Gen AI and its use cases in banking100%
Key Managerial Persons 8 1.  Session on Board Governance - View 
from the regulator
2.   Cybersecurity and Infosec and  session 
on Risk Management (Fraud Risk or 
Climate Risk, or any other)
3.   Global Geopolitical scenario
4.   Emerging Technologies and use case of 
AL/ML in future of Banking
5.   Challenges and opportunities in the era 
of Digital Banking & FinTech 
6.   Board Governance - Conducted by CS 
team100%
7.   Global economic outlook and geopolitical 
events: impact on India and Banking
8.   Annual update on AML for Board of 
Directors
Employees other than 
BODs and KMPs5,609 Principles 1, 3, 4, 5, 8, 9 99.92%
Workers N.A.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2514
Statutory Reports2.  Details of fines / penalties / punishment / award / compounding fees / settlement amount paid in proceedings (by 
the entity or by directors / KMPs) with regulators / law enforcement agencies / judicial institutions, in the financial 
year, in the following format (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in 
Regulation 30 of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the 
entity’s website):
Monetary
NGRBC
PrincipleName of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutionsAmount  
(In INR)Brief of the CaseHas an 
appeal been 
preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/Fine  Principle 1 Reserve Bank of India 37,32,505 Contravention of Foreign Exchange 
Management Regulations, 2000No
 Principle 1 Reserve Bank of India 1,91,00,000 Contravention of certain provisions 
of the Banking Regulations Act, 
1949No
 Principle 1 Additional DIT (I&CI), 
Ahmedabad 50,000 Contravention of the provisions of 
The Income Tax Act, 1961Yes
 Principle 1 Financial Intelligence 
Unit - India ("FIU-IND")1,66,25,000 Imposition of monetary penalty in 
exercise of the powers conferred 
under the provisions of Section 
13(2)(d) of the PMLA for non-
compliances of Section 12(1) of the 
Prevention of Money Laundering 
Act, 2002 read with Prevention of 
Money Laundering (Maintenance of 
Records) Rules, 2005, in respect of 
opening and monitoring of certain 
accounts.Yes
Settlement Nil
Compounding fees Nil
Non-Monetary
NGRBC
PrincipleName of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/ 
judicial institutionsBrief of the 
CaseHas an appeal been preferred?
(Yes/No)
Imprisonment
Nil
Punishment
3.  Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/ Revision preferred in cases where monetary or 
non-monetary action has been appealed:
Case DetailsName of the regulatory/ enforcement
agencies/ judicial institutions
1.  Contravention of the provisions of The Income Tax Act, 1961 Additional DIT (I&CI), Ahmedabad
2.   Imposition of monetary penalty in exercise of the powers conferred 
under the provisions of Section 13(2)(d) of the PMLAFinancial Intelligence Unit - India (“FIU-IND”)
4.  Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief and if available, provide 
a web-link to the policy:
 The Bank has in place, an Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy that reiterates the Bank’s zero tolerance to bribery 
and corruption at the Bank. As a governance best practice, the Bank’s Anti-Bribery and Anti-Corruption Policy has 
been made accessible on its website at https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/corporate-governance/code-
of-conduct-and-ethics.pdf15
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 5.  Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken by any law enforcement 
agency for the charges of bribery/ corruption:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directors Nil Nil
KMPs Nil Nil
Employees Nil Nil
Workers N.A. N.A.
6. Details of complaints with regard to conflict of interest:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues 
of Conflict of Interest of the DirectorsNil - Nil -
Number of complaints received in relation to issues 
of Conflict of Interest of the KMPsNil - Nil -
7.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines / penalties / action taken by 
regulators/ law enforcement agencies/ judicial institutions, on cases of corruption and conflicts of interest:
 Not applicable.
8.  Number of days of accounts payables ((Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/services procured) in the following 
format:  
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Number of days accounts payables 4.53 4.96
9. Openness of business:
  Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties along-with 
loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Concentration 
of Purchasesa.   Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases* 3.04% 3.39%
b.   Number of trading  houses where purchases are made 
from 100 92
c.   Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total 
purchases from trading houses90.94% 94.47%
Concentration 
of Salesa.   Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales N.A. N.A.
b.   Number of dealers /distributors to whom sales are made N.A. N.A.
c.   Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to 
dealers /distributorsN.A. N.A.
Share of RPTs** 
ina.  Purchases (Purchases with related parties /Total 
Purchases1.01% 1.21%
b.   Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 1.45% 1.29%
c.   Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related 
parties / Total loans & advances)0.04% 0.03%
d.  Investments (Investments in related parties / Total 
Investments made1.57% 1.18%
 *Trading Houses - Legal entity that is engaged in the exporting and importing of goods and services
  **Prior period numbers have been reinstated to conform to current year numbers. Based on the related parties as identified by the Bank and 
disclosed in note no. 2.5 of the standalone financial statements for FY 2024-25.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2516
Statutory ReportsLeadership Indicators
1. Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during the financial year:
Total number of awareness 
programmes heldTopics / principles covered 
under the trainingPercentage of value chain partners covered (by value of business 
done with such partners) under the awareness programmes
High-priority value chain partners have been identified, and training programmes are planned to be conducted in a phased manner 
based on a prioritised schedule.
2.  Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/ manage conflict of interests involving members of the Board? (Yes/
No) If Yes, provide details of the same:
 Yes. The Board has formulated and adopted the Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest 
 Norms for the Board of Directors, in terms of Regulation 17(5) of the SEBI Listing Regulations relating to corporate 
governance. The Code of Conduct and Conflict of Interest Norms which is applicable and binding on all members of 
the Board of Directors of the Bank is laid down with an aim to ensure transparency and set high ethical standards 
in managing the affairs of the Bank. The Code of Conduct shall be adhered to by every Director of the Bank, while 
carrying out the fiduciary duties conferred upon him under applicable laws, as amended, from time to time.
PRINCIPLE 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable and safe
Essential Indicators
1.  Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the environmental 
and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by the entity, respectively:
S. No. Segment FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 Details of improvements environmental and social impacts
1. R & D N.A. N.A. 
2. Capex 3.94% -The Bank continues to invest in innovation-led initiatives that 
enhance the environmental and social outcomes of its operations, 
particularly in areas such as digital banking, cybersecurity, ESG data 
systems, and customer-focused solutions. In FY 2024–25, a portion 
of the Bank’s capital expenditure was strategically directed towards 
projects aimed at improving energy efficiency and promoting 
resource conservation.
These investments included Centralized Energy Management 
Systems (CEMS), EV charging infrastructure to support green 
mobility, smart metering, and water-saving fixtures for enhanced 
resource efficiency. Additionally, digital banking platforms—such 
as the paperless account opening process through Saksham —were 
developed to reduce material consumption and improve service 
accessibility.
While the Bank currently does not track or report R&D-related 
expenditure, it has taken steps to build internal systems that 
will enable better monitoring of sustainability-aligned capital 
investments.
2. a.  Does the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing?  
 b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
  As a financial services institution, Axis Bank’s operations are not materially resource-intensive in the traditional 
sense, and raw material sourcing is not a significant aspect of its business model. However, the Bank remains 
committed to enhancing its resource efficiency and sustainable procurement practices  in line with its 
broader ESG goals. To reduce its environmental footprint, the Bank has been procuring paper from recycled or 
sustainably sourced materials  (where applicable), including wheat straw-based paper,  digitizing customer-facing 
services, significantly lowering the need for physical printing and paper usage, implementing internal efficiencies 
to rationalize printing and material consumption. For procurement of essential equipment to support banking 17
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report operations—such as  computer hardware, lighting devices, air conditioners, and DG sets —the Bank follows green 
procurement principles , prioritizing models that comply with Bureau of Energy Efficiency (BEE)  star ratings. 
Furthermore, the Bank has established a Supplier Code of Conduct,  outlining expectations for vendors to adopt 
environmentally responsible, socially inclusive, and ethical practices  in line with the Bank’s values.
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling and disposing at the end of life, 
for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous waste and (d) other waste:
1. Plastics (including 
packaging)Axis Bank has implemented structured processes to manage the safe and responsible disposal of 
various end-of-life materials generated from its operations. For internally generated e-waste—
including computers, monitors, printers, UPS systems, and routers—the Bank follows a robust process 
of collection, secure data sanitization, and disposal through authorised recyclers registered with the 
Central and State Pollution Control Boards, in full compliance with the E-Waste Management Rules, 
2022.  Hazardous waste such as toner cartridges and used batteries is also managed responsibly, 
with UPS batteries being 100% recycled through certified vendors in accordance with applicable 
regulatory requirements. The Bank continues to reduce the use of paper-based products such as 
cheque books, passbooks, and printed welcome kits through digitisation initiatives. At key offices, 
paper waste is segregated and recycled through authorised vendors as part of the Bank’s commitment 
to responsible material use and environmental compliance.2. E-waste
3. Hazardous waste
4. Other waste
4.  Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities (Yes / No). If yes, whether the 
waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control 
Boards? If not, provide steps taken to address the same:
 No. Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is not applicable to Axis Bank’s activities, as the Bank does not 
manufacture or introduce products such as plastic packaging, electrical and electronic equipment, or batteries into the 
market under its own brand, as defined under the relevant waste management rules.
Leadership Indicator 
1.  Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) for any of its products (for manufacturing 
industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details in the following format?
NIC CodeName of 
Product /
Service% of total Turnover 
contributedBoundary for which the 
Life Cycle Perspective 
/ Assessment was 
conductedWhether conducted by 
independent external 
agency (Yes/No)Results communicated in 
public domain (Yes/No). If 
yes, provide the web-link
N.A.
 No. Axis Bank has not conducted Life Cycle Assessments (LCA) for its services, as it is not considered material to the 
Bank’s operations given the nature of its business as a financial services provider.
2.  If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from production or disposal of your 
products / services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, 
briefly describe the same along-with action taken to mitigate the same:
 Sr. No. Name of the product/Service Description of the risk/concern Action taken
N.A.
3.  Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in production (for manufacturing 
industry) or providing services (for service industry):
Indicate input material
 Recycled or reused input material to total material
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Recycle -* -
Reuse - -
 * stands data Not Available.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2518
Statutory Reports4.  Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric tons) reused, recycled, and 
safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Reused Recycled Safely Disposed Reused Recycled Safely Disposed
Plastics 
(including 
packag-ing)
N.A. N.A.E-waste
Hazardous 
waste
Battery waste
Other waste
5. Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each product category:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Reclaimed products and their packaging materials 
(as percentage of products sold) for each product 
categoryN.A. N.A.
PRINCIPLE 3 : Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains
Essential Indicators
1. a. Details of measure for the well-being of employees:
CategoryPercentage of Employees covered by
Total (A)Health Insurance Accident Insurance Maternity Benefits Paternity Benefits Day-care Facilities
Number
(B)% 
(B/A)Number
(C)% 
(C/A)Number
(D)% 
(D/A)Number
(E)% 
(E/A)Number
(F)% 
(F/A)
Permanent Employees
Male 75,542 75,542 100% -* - - - 75,542 100% 3,342 4%
Female 28,910 28,910 100% - - 28,910 100% - - 1,983 7%
Others 1 1 100% - - 1 100% - - - -
T otal 1,04,453 1,04,453 100% - - 28,911 28% 75,542 72% 5,325 5%
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 8,363 8,363 100% 8,363 100% - - 8,363 100% - -
Female 1,584 1,584 100% 1,584 100% 1,584 100% - - - -
Others 1 1 100% 1 100% - - - - - -
T otal 9,948 9,948 100% 100% 100% 1,584 16% 8,363 84%
*The Bank does not provide Accidental Insurance19
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report  b. Details of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category
Total (A)Total (A)% of Employees covered by
Health insurance Accident insurance Maternity benefits Paternity Benefits Daycare facilities
Number 
(B)%  
(B / A)Number  
(C)%  
(C / A)Number  
(D)%  
(D / A)Number  
(E)%  
(E / A)Number  
(F)%  
(F / A)
Permanent Employees
Male
N.A. Female
T otal
Other than Permanent Employees
Male 
N.A.Female
T otal
c.  Spending on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including permanent and other than permanent) 
in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total 
revenue of the Company0.19% 0.14%
  *Includes premiums paid towards Mediclaim and Group Term Life Insurance policies, along with expenses incurred for day care facilities, staff 
welfare initiatives, infant care policy, and other related benefits.
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
No. of employees
covered as a % of 
total employeesNo. of workers 
covered as a % of 
total workersDeducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y /N/N.A.)No. of employees 
covered as a % of 
total employeesNo. of Workers 
covered as a 
percentage of 
total workersDeducted and 
deposited with 
the authority 
(Y/N/N.A.)
PF 99.99% N.A. Yes 99.99% N.A. Yes
Gratuity 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
ESI N.A.
Others – 
please specifyN.A.
3. Accessibility of workplaces 
  Are the premises / offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, as per the requirements 
of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether any steps are being taken by the entity in this 
regard. 
 Yes, The Bank has a fair and equitable relationship with its employees. It treats all employees fairly and does not 
discriminate them on any grounds such as gender, age, religion, caste, literacy, economic status, or physical disability. 
To cater to the needs of “persons with disabilities (Pwd)”, the Bank has enabled Braille keypad and talking functionality 
(voice guidance). In alignment with the BCSBI Code of Commitment, the Bank is committed to enhancing accessibility 
for all. Accordingly, ramps are built at branches to make them easier to facilitate convenient access for persons with 
disabilities. 
4.  Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If so, 
provide a web-link to the policy:
 Yes. The Bank has a standalone Equal Employment Opportunity Policy that upholds the principles of non-discrimination 
and inclusion, in line with the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016. Through its ACCESS program (the Bank’s Integrated Annual Report 2024-2520
Statutory Reportsdisability hiring initiative), Axis Bank conducts sensitization workshops, including sessions on the Act, to foster an 
inclusive workplace. The policy reinforces the Bank’s commitment to providing equal opportunities and a safe, respectful 
environment for all.
 The Policy can be accessed at - https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/Equal_
opportunity_policy.pdf
5. Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental leave:
Permanent Employees Permanent Workers
Gender Return to work rate Retention rate Return to work rate Retention rate
Male 99.99% 79.00%
N.A. Female 99.70% 76.00%
T otal 99.83% 78.00%
6.  Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories of employees and 
worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief:
Category Yes/No  
(If yes, then give details of mechanism in brief)
Permanent employees Yes. The Bank has a robust grievance redressal framework for employees.
This includes Amber, an AI-driven chatbot deployed under the ‘Open to Listening’ initiative, which 
regularly engages with selected employees to gauge sentiment, understand their experiences, and 
identify concerns. The insights gathered are used to inform and strengthen the Bank’s people practices.
HResponse,  the Bank’s central HR query platform, ensures timely resolution of employee queries. 
Additionally, a confidential Whistleblower  channel enables employees to report concerns related to 
misconduct, policy violations, or unethical practices.
Other than Permanent 
employeesYes, Other than permanent employees are required to route their grievances through their respective 
agencies. While Axis Bank, as the principal employer, does not intervene directly in the administrative 
matters of outsourced vendors; branch offices may escalate specific concerns to the Corporate Real 
Estate Services (CRES) team for resolution on behalf of outsourced personnel.
Permanent workers
N.A. Other than Permanent 
Workers
7. Membership of employees and workers in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed entity:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal
employees workers 
in respective 
category (A)No. of employees  
 in respective
category, who are 
part of association(s) 
or Union* (B)% (B/ A)Total
employees workers 
in respective
category (C)No. of employees  
in respective
category, who are part 
of association(s) or 
Union (D)% (D/C)
Total Permanent 
Employees1,04,453 - - 1,04,332 - -
Male 75,542 - - 78,238 - -
Female + Others 28,911 - - 26,094 - -
Total Permanent 
Workers
N.A.Male
Female
  The Bank does not have any employee trade union and does not engage in any collective bargaining agreement, although it allows all 
employees to exercise the lawful right to ‘freedom of association’.21
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal
(A)On Health and safety 
measuresOn Skill upgradationTotal  
(D)On Health and safety 
measuresOn Skill upgradation
No.(B) % (B/ A) No.(C) % (C/ A) No.(E) % (E/D) No.(F) % (F/D)
Employees
Male 75,542 69,634 92.2% 75,505 99.9% 78,238 78,238 100% - -
Female 28,910 24,163 83.6% 28,656 99.1% 26,087 26,087 100% - -
Others 1 1 100.0% 1 100.00% 7 7 100% - -
T otal 1,04,453 93,798 89.8% 1,04,162 99.7% 1,04,332 1,04,332 100% - -
Workers
Male
N.A.Female
Others
T otal
  The percentage of employees who completed mandatory training modules is calculated based on the total employee base. However, if only 
eligible employees are considered, the completion rates are 99.1% for Health & Safety training and 99.9% for Skill Upgradation training
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees and worker:
CategoryFY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal (A) No.(B) % (B/ A) Total (C) No.(D) % (D/C)
Employees
Male 75,542 71,402 95% 78,238 50,780 65%
Female 28,910 25,480 88% 26,094 18,120 69%
Others 1 1 100% - - -
T otal 1,04,453 96,883 93% 1,04,332 68,900 66%
Workers
Male
N.A. Female
T otal
10. Health and safety management system: 
 a.  Whether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by the entity? (Yes/ 
No). If yes, the coverage such system? 
  Yes, Axis Bank has institutionalized an Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Policy this year to enhance its 
governance framework and promote a culture of employee well-being. The OHS Policy consolidates the Mediclaim 
Policy, Wellbeing Policy, Group Term Life Insurance Policy, Employee Care Benevolent Fund, and the Prevention of 
Sexual Harassment at the Workplace Policy, among others, to create a unified and holistic approach to employee’s 
health and safety.  Recognising the critical importance of workplace health and safety, the Bank constituted 
a dedicated OHS Working Group, drawing expertise from across key verticals including Human Resources, 
Sustainability & CSR, Ethics, Risk, and CRES. The Working Group oversees the policy’s implementation, monitors 
performance through an OHS dashboard, and periodically reviews OHS performance to ensure its effectiveness 
and relevance.
  The OHS Policy can be accessed here: https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/quarterly-reports/
occupational-health-and-safety-policy.pdfIntegrated Annual Report 2024-2522
Statutory Reports b.     What are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine and non-routine 
basis by the entity?
  Axis Bank proactively monitors and manages workplace hazards through e-surveillance, which includes responding 
to branch alerts, conducting random checks for fire and safety risks, and supporting monthly inspections of 
safety detectors. The Bank also conducts periodic mock drills that cover fire safety training, equipment checks, 
evacuation procedures, and overall emergency preparedness.
 c.     Whether you have processes for workers to report the work-related hazards and to remove themselves from 
such risks. (Y/N)
  Yes, Employees can report accidents, incidents, or hazards to their HODs or Operations Head as soon as practically 
possible. They can also raise work-related hazard requests through the Bank’s internal employee portal. During 
periodic fire drills, employees are trained to identify and address hazards and are informed about the 24x7 Central 
Command Centre, which can be contacted in case of any workplace emergency.
 d.      Do the employees/ workers of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and healthcare services? 
(Yes/ No)
  Yes. The Bank has implemented Group Term Life Insurance and Mediclaim policies to cover the non-occupational 
medical and healthcare needs of its employees. These benefits are explained during employee induction and are 
readily accessible through the Bank’s internal portal.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24*
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one 
million-person hours worked)Employees 0 -
Workers N.A. -
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees 0 -
Workers N.A. -
No. of fatalities Employees 0 -
Workers N.A. -
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (ex-
cluding fatalities)Employees 0 -
Workers N.A. -
  *In FY 2023-24 the Bank was in the process of developing an OHS policy and framework. In FY 2024-25, the Bank institutionalized a 
comprehensive Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) Policy, reinforcing our commitment to a safe, healthy, and inclusive workplace
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace.
 Axis Bank is committed to ensuring a safe, secure, and healthy workplace for its employees. To safeguard its workforce 
and physical assets against unforeseen events, the Bank has instituted a robust Business Continuity Plan (BCP), with 
mandatory e-learning modules for all employees to build awareness and preparedness.
 Key safety measures include:
 • Annual fire safety training and evacuation drills
 • Regular issuance of fire safety advisories and strategic placement of safety signage
 • E-surveillance and real-time alert monitoring
 To promote holistic health and wellness, the Bank has consolidated various services on a single digital platform—Visit 
App—which offers:
 • Doctor consultations (tele/video)
 • Lab tests with doorstep sample collection and timely reporting
 • Annual health check-ups for AVP & above (aged 40+)
 • Enrolment of dependents under the Mediclaim policy
 • Discounted doorstep pharmacy deliveries
 • Real-time tracking of insurance claims
 • Access to fitness videos, mindfulness podcasts, and health risk assessments23
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report  These integrated initiatives reflect the Bank’s proactive approach to fostering a safe, resilient, and well-supported work 
environment.
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during 
the yearPending resolution 
at the end of yearRemarksFiled during 
the yearPending resolution 
at the end of yearRemarks
Working Conditions*
-
Health & Safety*
  * Employee complaints are addressed through ‘H-Response’—a secure and confidential grievance redressal platform accessible via the Bank’s 
HR app and intranet. During the reporting year, a total of 83,482 complaints and queries were received through H-Response. While specific 
complaints related to ‘Working Conditions’ and ‘Health & Safety’ are currently recorded as part of overall queries, the Bank has developed 
a comprehensive Occupational Health and Safety (OHS) policy and framework to enable more granular tracking and reporting of such 
complaints going forward.
14.  Assessments for the year:
Percentage of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities 
or third parties)
Health and safety practices Nil
Working Conditions Nil
15.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related incidents (if any) and on 
significant risks / concerns arising from assessments of health & safety practices and working conditions.
 While the Bank takes multiple measures to ensure safety across its premises, no formal assessments have been 
conducted by third-party or statutory entities to identify significant risks or concerns. Nonetheless, the Bank remains 
focused on mitigating threats, risks, and vulnerabilities — including those arising from unlawful acts and fire-related 
incidents. As part of its proactive approach, fire drills are regularly conducted across all branches and offices in line with 
NBC norms.
Leadership Indicators
1. Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death of:
 Employees:  Yes. All the Bank’s employees in India are covered under a Group Term Life Insurance policy, which offers 
financial security to their families in the event of an untimely demise. Additionally, the Employee Care Benevolent Fund 
Scheme provides ex-gratia support to assist the dependents of deceased employees, helping ensure their continued 
wellbeing.
 Workers: N.A.
2.  Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and deposited by 
the value chain partners.
 The Bank strives to embed environmental and social considerations into its procurement practices. It sets clear 
expectations for vendors and suppliers through a comprehensive Supplier Code of Conduct, mandating adherence to 
labour laws, human rights, and applicable regional regulations.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2524
Statutory Reports3.  Provide the number of employees / workers having suffered high consequence work related injury / ill-health / 
fatalities (as reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been rehabilitated and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family members have been placed in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected employees/ workersNo. of employees/workers that are rehabilitated and placed 
in suitable employment or whose family members have 
been placed in suitable employment
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24 FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Employees
N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Workers
4.  Does the entity provide transition assistance programs to facilitate continued employability and the management of 
career endings resulting from retirement or termination of employment? (Yes/ No)
 Yes. Depending on specific expertise requirements, the Bank may engage retired employees as consultants on a case-
by-case basis, enabling continued contribution and employability. Additionally, the Bank contributes to the Employees’ 
Provident Fund and facilitates employee investment in the National Pension Scheme, supporting long-term financial 
security and smooth career transition post-retirement.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed*
Health and safety practices Nil
Working conditions Nil
  *The Bank, has made significant progress in mapping and engaging with its value chain partners across both upstream and downstream 
segments. Building on this foundation, the Bank is in process of evaluating the ESG parameters across its value chain, in alignment with its 
commitment to responsible business practices and stakeholder well-being.
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks /concerns arising from 
assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of value chain partners.  
 Currently, the Bank does not undertake any assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of 
value chain partners. However, certain aspects of ESG parameters are integrated into the Bank’s Vendor Management 
practices. At present no significant risks have been identified.
PRINCIPLE 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
 Axis Bank identified its key stakeholder groups through a comprehensive internal assessment and industry benchmarking 
exercise, mapping their influence on and impact by the Bank’s operations. Stakeholders were then categorized into 
internal, external, and affected groups, and prioritized based on their relevance to the Bank’s value creation. A double 
materiality approach—aligned with CSRD and ESRS—was adopted to identify and assess 15 key IROs (Impacts, Risks, 
and Opportunities). Customized surveys captured both impact materiality and financial materiality and the findings 
were used to develop a Materiality Matrix, ensuring a focused and informed stakeholder engagement process.25
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 2.  List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement with each stakeholder 
group:
Stakeholder GroupWhether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/No)Channels of communication  
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website), OtherFrequency of engagement  
(Annually/ Half yearly/ 
Quarterly / others – please 
specify)Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Investors No »  Investor meetings, conference 
calls, roadshows
»  Website, email 
communications, social media
»  Annual General Meeting 
»  Investor grievance mechanisms
»  Stock exchange intimations  Continuous/Periodic/
Need BasedTo ensure alignment on 
long-term value creation and 
strategic direction. 
Key topics addressed include 
financial performance, 
governance, ESG risks and 
opportunities, responsible 
lending, and innovation.
Customers No »  Communication at branches 
and with relationship managers
»  Telephonic and online 
communication via website, 
emails, social media, platforms
» Axis Virtual CentreContinuous/Need Based To enhance their financial 
well-being through reliable 
products, innovative solutions, 
transparent practices, and 
strong data privacy. A swift 
and effective grievance 
redressal system ensures 
their concerns are promptly 
addressed, reinforcing trust 
and satisfaction.
»  Customer satisfaction survey, 
Grievance mechanisms
»  Marketing campaigns
»   Meetings with corporate 
customersKey matters discussed include:
» Quality products and services
» Innovative technology
»  Transparency and fair 
business
»  Maintaining customer data 
privacy and security
»  Effective and quick customer 
grievance Redressal 
Mechanism
Employees No »  Internal communications
–  webcasts, newsletters, surveys, 
emails
»  Management visits to branches
»  Employee Engagement Surveys
»  Amber AI chatbot for Real-Time 
listening
»  Town-hall meetings with MD
»  Training and development 
programmes
»  Mid-year and annual 
performance appraisals
»  Intranet portal – My Connect
»  Employee engagement survey
» Wellness programs
»  Employee-led communities and 
groups like Pride365Continuous/Need Based Employees directly impact the 
bank through their productivity 
and skills, affecting bank’s 
ability to meet targets and 
satisfy customers.
Key topic discussed are as 
follows:
» Compensation and benefits            
»  Talent management, and 
Learning & Development 
(L&D) initiatives
» Productivity
»  Health, Safety and Employee 
Wellbeing
» Work-life balance
» Employee engagementIntegrated Annual Report 2024-2526
Statutory ReportsStakeholder GroupWhether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/No)Channels of communication  
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website), OtherFrequency of engagement  
(Annually/ Half yearly/ 
Quarterly / others – please 
specify)Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Regulators & 
PolicymakersNo »  Mandatory filings with 
regulators; interaction during 
inspections
»  One-on-one meetings 
and group meetings, email 
correspondence
»  Periodical submissions of 
business and operational 
performance
»  Engagement at banking 
and industry platforms and 
conferences, regulatory 
reviews
»  Corporate announcementsContinuous/Need Based The Banking sector operates 
under the highest fiduciary 
and regulatory standards 
set by its regulators, at all 
times. Banks are significantly 
impacted by their regulators 
as well as policymakers. 
Changes in regulations, such as 
priority sector lending targets 
or new policies to address 
cybersecurity, directly affect a 
bank’s business strategy as well 
as profitability. 
Community & 
NGOsYes »  CSR Programmes implemented 
by Axis Bank
»  Feedback through structured 
questionnaires 
»  Conferences and roundtables
»  NGO / CSO capacity building 
workshopsContinuous/Need Based The bank actively contributes 
to societal well-being through 
impactful CSR initiatives, 
partnerships with NGOs, and 
collaborations with academia.
Industry & Peers No »  Communication with industry 
and trade associations: 
»  Engagement under the Indian 
Banks’ Association
»  Multilateral platforms
» Corporate seminarsContinuous/Need Based To stay aligned with 
evolving sector trends and 
regulatory developments. 
These engagements support 
policy advocacy, enable 
knowledge sharing, and foster 
collaboration to shape best 
practices and strengthen the 
banking ecosystem.
Rating Agencies No »  One-on-one meetings and 
group meetings
» Email correspondence
»  Submissions of Financial & 
Non-Financial Performance for 
issuance & review of ratingsPeriodic/Need Based Rating agencies significantly 
influence the bank’s financial 
health and public perception. 
Their assessments directly 
impact the bank’s access to 
capital, influencing the interest 
rates on instruments issued 
by the bank and ultimately 
affecting the cost of capital.27
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Stakeholder GroupWhether 
identified as 
Vulnerable & 
Marginalized 
Group (Yes/No)Channels of communication  
(Email, SMS, Newspaper, 
Pamphlets, Advertisement, 
Community Meetings, Notice 
Board, Website), OtherFrequency of engagement  
(Annually/ Half yearly/ 
Quarterly / others – please 
specify)Purpose and scope of engagement 
including key topics and concerns 
raised during such engagement
Value Chain 
Partners No » Vendor meetings
» Structured surveys
»  Techno-commercial discussions 
and service engagements
»  Audit, governance, and 
compliance meetings
»  Contracts, emails, and callsPeriodic/Need Based Guided by a comprehensive 
Vendor Code of Conduct, Axis 
Bank encourages ethical and 
sustainable practices across its 
supplier base.
Key topics discussed during 
engagement are:
» Timely payouts
»  Fair contractual terms and 
adherence to those
»  Organisational ESG 
consciousness
»  Transparent, ethical, and long-
term business relations
»  Regular exchange of technical 
know-how
For more details, Refer Page no. 48 of stakeholder engagement section of the Bank’s Integrated Annual Report for FY 2024-25.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, environmental, and social 
topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such consultations provided to the Board.
 Axis Bank engages with eight key stakeholder groups through structured consultations on economic, environmental, 
and social topics, with feedback regularly communicated to the Board through internal reviews and leadership updates.
 Stakeholders are systematically mapped based on their influence on and impact by the Bank, following internal 
assessments and leadership discussions. The identified stakeholder groups include Investors, Customers, Employees, 
Regulators & Policymakers, Industry & Peers, Communities & NGOs, Rating Agencies, and Value Chain Partners. 
Engagements are tailored and planned—such as investor meetings, customer surveys, employee town halls, and policy 
dialogues—ensuring inclusive consultations on material ESG topics. Feedback and insights from these engagements are 
consolidated and shared with senior leadership and the Board through formal review mechanisms, enabling informed 
strategic decisions aligned with stakeholder priorities.
2.  Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management of environmental, and social 
topics (Yes / No). If so, provide details of instances as to how the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics 
were incorporated into policies and activities of the entity.
 Yes, inputs received from diverse stakeholders through Axis Bank’s Stakeholder Engagement and Materiality Analysis 
exercise have been instrumental in identifying the most relevant environmental and social material issues. The Bank has 
disclosed corresponding targets, initiatives, and progress for each material topic in the Stakeholder Engagement and 
Materiality section of its Integrated Annual Report FY 2024–25 (refer page no. 48)
3.  Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns of vulnerable/ 
marginalized stakeholder groups.
 Axis Bank’s ‘OPEN’ philosophy drives its commitment to creating long-term, meaningful impact within vulnerable and 
marginalized communities. The Bank’s CSR interventions are designed to uplift underserved populations, particularly 
in remote regions and Aspirational Districts. Through its flagship Financial Inclusion Program, Axis Bank promotes 
access to banking and financial services for economically weaker sections across rural and urban India. Under the ‘Axis 
Dil-Se’ initiative, the Bank enables access to quality education for children in remote areas, including the North-East. 
Additionally, the Bank supports climate-vulnerable communities by implementing initiatives aimed at enhancing climate 
resilience and adaptive capacity.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2528
Statutory ReportsPRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights
Essential Indicator
1.  Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and policy(ies) of the entity, in the 
following format:
CategoryFY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal (A)No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (B)% (B/ A) Total (C)No. of 
employees 
/ workers 
covered (D)% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent* 1,04,453 93,650 89.66% 1,04,332 1,04,332 100%
Other than permanent 9,948 9,948 100% - - -
Total Employees 1,14,401 1,03,598 90.6% 1,04,332 1,04,332 100%
Workers
Permanent
N.A. Other than permanent
Total Workers
  *The percentage of employees who completed mandatory training modules is calculated based on the total employee base. However, if only 
eligible employees are considered, the completion rate  for trainings on human rights issues is 99.06%
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
Category FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal (A)Equal to Minimum  
wageMore than Minimum 
wageTotal 
(D)Equal to Minimum 
wageMore than Minimum 
wage
Number(B) %(B/ A) Number(C) %(C/ A) Number(E) %(E/D) Number(F) %(F/D)
Employees
Permanent As an institution in the Banking sector, the Bank is compliant with the Labour laws of India, that stipulate minimum wages for 
employees falling under different categories. The Bank’s remuneration practices are aligned with Section 197 read with Rule 
5 (1) of the Companies (Appointment and Remuneration of Managerial Personnel) Rules, 2014, as amended, in respect of 
Directors / Employees of the Bank. The remuneration paid to all the employees / MD & CEO / Whole-Time Directors of the 
Bank, for the fiscal 2025, is in accordance with the Remuneration Policy for MD & CEO, Whole-Time Directors, Material Risk 
Takers, Control Function Staff and other employees of the Bank.Male 
Female
Other than 
Permanent9,948 9,948 100% - - 9,508 9,508 100% 0 0
Male 8,363 8,363 100% - - 8,163 8,163 100% 0 0
Female 1,584 1,584 100% - - 1,345 1,345 100% 0 0
Others 1 1 100% - - - - - - -
Workers
Permanent
N.A.Male 
Female
Other than 
Permanent
Male 
Female29
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages
 a. Median remuneration / wages:
Male Female Others
NumberMedian 
Remuneration/
salary/wages of 
respective categoryNumberMedian 
Remuneration/
salary/wages of 
respective categoryNumberMedian 
Remuneration/
salary/wages of 
respective category
Board of Directors 
(BOD)17 20,25,000 2 20,25,000 - -
Key Managerial 
Personnel26 4,32,91,715 0 - - -
Employees other than 
BOD and KMP365,781 13,60,805 22,852 13,72,795 - -
Workers N.A.
  1.  Remuneration and number is of Non-Executive Directors (NEDs) and includes only fixed remuneration on an annualized basis. 
The sitting fees for attending the meetings of Board and Board committees is INR 1,00,000 per session and is not included in the 
above table.
  2.  Median remuneration for KMP is calculated considering the fixed remuneration along with the perquisites. Remuneration taken 
into consideration for above calculation is only for the period, the employee has served as a KMP
  3.  Median remuneration for permanent staff (excluding overseas staff) is calculated considering the fixed remuneration of all 
confirmed employees along with perquisites. The median of grade-wise medians for grades with both male and female employees 
is shown above.
 b. Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 21.85% 20.90%
4.  Do you have a focal point (Individual/ Committee) responsible for addressing human rights impacts or issues caused 
or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
 Yes. The Bank’s commitment to human rights is anchored in its Human Rights Policy and supported by related 
governance frameworks. To ensure effective oversight and implementation, the Bank has established a Sustainability 
and Inclusion Council, which reports to the ESG Steering Committee. This committee is responsible for monitoring and 
guiding the execution of the Human Rights Policy across the organization.
5. Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights issues.
 The Bank has established robust internal mechanisms to address grievances related to human rights, ensuring a safe, 
ethical, and inclusive workplace. These include the Whistleblower Policy, which allows internal and external stakeholders 
to confidentially report concerns related to misconduct, irregularities, or malpractices without fear of retaliation. 
Employees can also raise issues through the secure H-Response portal, participate in regular townhalls, or directly 
escalate matters to Senior Management. Additionally, the Internal Complaints Committee under the POSH framework 
actively promotes a safe environment for women employees through awareness, training, and prompt redressal. The 
Bank also upholds employees’ lawful right to freedom of association, reinforcing its commitment to human rights and 
workplace dignity.
 The Bank’s Human Rights Policy, which outlines its commitment and approach to upholding human rights across its 
operations, is available at: https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/human-rights-
policy.pdf .Integrated Annual Report 2024-2530
Statutory Reports6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Filed during  
the yearPending 
resolution at 
the end of yearRemarksFiled during  
the yearPending 
resolution at 
the end of yearRemarks
Sexual Harassment 54 12 - 36 8 -
Discrimination at 
workplace0 0 - 0 0 -
Child Labour 0 0 - 0 0 -
Forced Labour/
Involuntary labour0 0 - 0 0 -
Wages 0 0 - 0 0 -
Other human rights 
related issues0 0 - 0 0 -
7.  Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 
2013, in the following format:
FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Re-dressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)54 36
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / work-ers 0.18% 0.13%
Complaints on POSH upheld 30 20
8. Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and harassment cases.
 The Bank has a comprehensive Prevention of Sexual Harassment (POSH) policy, supported by mandatory annual training 
for all employees. The policy ensures that anyone working with, associated with, or visiting the Bank can raise complaints 
without fear of retaliation. During investigations, the aggrieved individual may request temporary separation from the 
accused through the Central Internal Committee (CIC). The Bank ensures complete protection against victimization, 
including threats, retaliation, unfair disciplinary actions, or any form of discrimination—safeguarding the rights and 
dignity of all parties involved.
9. Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts? (Yes/No)
 Yes. The Bank incorporates human rights requirements into its business agreements and contracts. Vendor evaluation 
criteria include social and environmental considerations, with a focus on compliance with norms related to human 
rights, labour, health & safety, and the environment. All suppliers are required to formally acknowledge and adhere 
to the Bank’s Supplier Code of Conduct. Additionally, the Bank’s ESG Policy for lending mandates Environmental and 
Social Due Diligence (ESDD) for projects, further reinforcing its commitment to human rights across its value chain.
10. Assessments for the year:
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child Labour
NilForced/Involuntary labour
Sexual harassment
Discrimination at workplace
Wages
Others- please specify31
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 11.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks / concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 10 above.
 Not Applicable. However, the Bank takes several steps to prevent cases of Sexual Harassment. Please refer to Directors’ 
Report of the Bank’s Integrated Annual Report FY 2024-25.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Details of a business process being modified / introduced as a result of addressing human rights grievances/complaints  
 Nil
2. Details of the scope and coverage of any Human rights due-diligence conducted.
 The Bank has in place an ESG Policy for Lending, which integrates Environmental and Social Risk consideration in the 
Bank’s credit appraisal mechanism.  This policy includes protection of human rights and assures fairness, inclusion in 
development opportunities for all stakeholders. 
 The policy can be accessed at https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/default-document-library/esg-policy-
and-procedure.pdf .
3.  Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the requirements of the Rights of 
Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
 The Bank promotes a fair and equitable relationship between the Bank and its Customers. The Bank treats all customers 
fairly and does not discriminate customers on any grounds such as gender, age, religion, caste, literacy, economic status, 
or physical disability. To cater to the needs of “persons with disabilities” , the Bank has enabled its ATMs with braille 
keypad and talking functionality (voice guidance). In respect of Bank branches which are not easily accessible, ramps 
are constructed wherever feasible, for facilitating access to persons with disabilities . Adequate seating arrangements 
and support for banking services are provided. Certain large offices have special equipment, such as stretchers and 
wheelchairs for ease of movement. We also provide doorstep banking for ease of operations for Senior Citizens and 
persons with disabilities. Customers in need of assistance can contact the designated officer at their branch or may 
bring it to the notice of the Nodal Officer.
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners:
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed*
Sexual harassment
NilDiscrimination at workplace
Child Labour
Forced/Involuntary labour
Wages
Others- please specify
  *The Bank, has made significant progress in mapping and engaging with its value chain partners across both upstream and downstream 
segments. Building on this foundation, the Bank is in process of evaluating the ESG parameters across its value chain, in alignment with its 
commitment to responsible business practices and stakeholder well-being.
5.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/concerns arising from the 
assessments at Question 4 above.
 Not Applicable.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2532
Statutory ReportsPRINCIPLE 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment
Essential Indicators 
1. Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
From renewable sources (GJ)
Total electricity consumption (A) 72,474.22 43,693.77
Total fuel consumption (B) 0.00 0.00
Energy consumption through other sources (C) 0.00 0.00
T otal energy consumed from renewable sources (A+B+C) 72,474.22 43,693.77
From non-renewable sources (GJ)
Total electricity consumption (D) 6,38,777.76 7,52,604.83
Total fuel consumption (E) 1,14,210.57 1,01,527.96
Energy consumption through other sources (F) 0.00 0.00
T otal energy consumed from non-renewable sources (D+E+F) 7,52,988.33 8,54,132
T otal energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) 8,25,462.55 8,97,826.56
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations 
(GJ/Rupee)0.0000005708 0.0000006811
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchas-ing Power Parity (PPP)  
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from operations ad-justed for (GJ/Rupee adjusted 
for PPP)0.0000118 0.0000153
Energy intensity in terms of physical output
Energy intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity (GJ/FTE) 7.90 8.61
Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If 
yes, name of the external agency.
Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
2.  Does the entity have any sites / facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the Performance, Achieve 
and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme 
have been achieved. In case targets have not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any.
 No, Axis Bank does not have any sites or facilities identified as Designated Consumers (DCs) under the Performance, 
Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India.
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i)  Surface water -* -
(ii)  Groundwater - -
(iii)  Third party water - -
(iv)  Seawater / desalinated water - -
(v)  Others 1,79,489.20 1,94,074.00
T otal volume of water withdrawal  (in kilolitres) (i + ii + iii + iv + v) 1,79,489.20 1,94,074.00
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres per year) 
(reported for 9 offices only)  
(Considering avg. of 330 working days)1,79,489.20 1,94,074.00
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption / Revenue from 
operations) (Litre per rupee)0.000124 0.00014733
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) 
(Total water consumption / Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)
(reported for 9 offices only)0.00256 0.00330
Water intensity in terms of physical output N.A. N.A.
Water intensity in terms of physical output N.A. N.A.
 -* stands data Not Available
  Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency
 Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kiloliters)
(i) T o Surface water -* N.A.
 - No treatment
 -  With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(ii) T o Groundwater - -
 - No treatment
 -  With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) T o Seawater - -
 - No treatment
 -  With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties - -
 - No treatment
 -  With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others - -
 - No treatment
 -  With treatment – please specify level of treatment
T otal water discharged (in kiloliters)
 -* stands data Not Available
  Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency. 
 Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd
5.  Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of its coverage and 
implementation.
 Zero Liquid Discharge (ZLD) is not applicable to Axis Bank’s operations as the Bank is a service-oriented organization 
and does not generate industrial effluent. However, the Bank ensures that wastewater from its facilities is managed 
responsibly. Most offices are connected to municipal wastewater treatment systems, and select campuses are equipped 
with sewage treatment plants (STPs) to enable water recycling and reduce freshwater demand.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2534
Statutory Reports6. Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter Please specify unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
NOx -* - -
SOx - - -
Particulate matter (PM) - - -
Persistent organic pollutants (POP) - - -
Volatile organic compounds (VOC) - - -
Hazardous air pollu-tants (HAP) - - -
Others – please specify - - -
 -* stands data Not Available
7. Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal Scope 1 emissions  
(Break-up of the GHG into  
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs,  
SF6, NF3, if available) tCO2e Diesel consumption and 
Fugitive emissions from AC.
CO2- 11,296.79 (Tons)
CH4- 31.86 (tCO2e)
N2O – 18.71 (tCO2e)Diesel consumption and 
Fugitive emissions from AC.
CO2- 15,750.49 (Tons)
CH4- 27.77 (tCO2e)
N2O – 16.31 (tCO2e)
T otal Scope 2 emissions  
(Break-up of the GHG into  
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3,  
if available) tCO2e 1,28,997.62 1,49,684.74
T otal Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions / Revenue from operations) g CO2e/ Rupee 0.097 0.126
T otal Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions / Revenue from operations 
adjusted for PPP)0.00000201 0.00000281
T otal Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity in terms of physical output --- ---
T otal Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity (optional ) – the relevant metric 
may be selected by the entity tCO2e/FTE* 1.34 1.59
 *FTE- Full time Employee
  Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.
 Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd.35
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 8. Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then provide details.
 We are committed to investing in digital solutions and multi-pronged energy-conserving initiatives towards achieving 
greater environmental efficiency in our operations. Key initiatives include: 
 1. Implementation of Solar energy project at Solapur, aggregating ~ 2 MW which helped avoiding ~ 2,221.59 tCO2e 
of carbon emissions in FY 2024-25. 
 2. Axis Bank has started procuring solar power of ~1 MW (3.50 Lakhs units p.a.) under Power Purchase Agreement 
(PPA) Model from fiscal 2020 for Bank’s Data Centre in Bengaluru. The Bank has consumed ~ 100.70 lac units 
of electricity for its Data Centre, alone in FY 2024 -25, which helped in avoiding ~7,320. 89 tCO2e of carbon 
emissions. 
 3. During FY 2024-25, the implementation of CEMS in 600 branches helped save 38.72 lac units of electricity, which 
resulted in avoiding ~2,814.96 tCO2e of carbon emissions. 
 4. Three of the large offices in Mumbai viz. Axis House Worli, Andheri MIDC and Ruby Mills are 100% on green 
energy. This has helped in avoiding ~5,040.17 tCO2e of carbon emissions. 
 5. Axis House, Worli has an additional solar power capacity of 224 KW. This is used explicitly for the machinery in 
the building. This has helped in avoiding ~53.11 tCO2e of carbon emissions. 
 6. Maintenance of unity power factor through APFC panels in auto mode for optimum use of power at Axis House 
Mumbai and Axis House Noida. 
 7. Star-rated, energy-efficient air conditioners and motion sensors were deployed Axis House, Mumbai and Regional 
Office Bengaluru to enhance energy performance.
 8. Data Centre of the Bank has adopted various energy efficiency measures, such as: 
  •  Adopted advanced cooling technologies and thermal management strategies, including air-cooled chillers and 
thermal insulation 
  • Equipped server racks with temperature and humidity sensors integrated with Building Management Systems 
(BMS) 
  • Implemented highly efficient modular UPS systems, achieving operational efficiency of over 97% 
  • Installed motion-sensor LED lighting and environmentally friendly materials to optimize energy usage and 
enhance sustainability 
 9. Electrical vehicle (EV) charging facilities were installed at large campuses, including Axis House in Mumbai, MIDC 
Andheri, and Axis House in Noida, to promote cleaner mobility and reduce Scope 3 emissions.
 10. Advanced cooling technologies, such as air-cooled chillers and thermal insulation, were adopted to further improve 
energy performance in large buildings.
 11. The Bank prioritizes the use of low-VOC (Volatile Organic Compound) primers and paints in its infrastructure 
projects, ensuring improved indoor air quality and reduced environmental emissions during fit-outs and renovationsIntegrated Annual Report 2024-2536
Statutory Reports9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Total Waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) (06 offices) 3.69 4.99
E-waste (B) (Pan India) 396.89 28.79
Bio-medical waste (C) -* -
Construction and demolition waste (D) (2 offices) 16.53 4.57
Battery waste (E) (5 offices) 34.48 34.76
Radioactive waste (F) N.A. N.A.
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any. (G) N.A. N.A.
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify, if any.
(Break-up by composition i.e. by materials relevant to the sector)Paper Waste – 207.34  
(12 offices)
Metal Waste – 13.82  
(04 offices)
Glass Waste – 0.56  
(01 office)
Organic Waste – 182.45  
(11 offices)
Inert Waste – 0.18  
(1 office)Paper Waste – 234.69  
(11 offices)
Metal Waste – 9.73  
(03 offices)
Glass Waste – 0.54  
(03 offices)
Organic Waste -  
157.08 (08 offices)
T otal (A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H) 856.04 475.15
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover  
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations (Kg/Rupee)0.000000653 0.0000003605
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP)  
(Total waste generated / Revenue from operations adjusted for 
PPP Kg/Rupee)0.0000000122 0.00000000808
Waste intensity in terms of physical output - -
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected 
by the entity- -
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations (in metric tons)
Category of waste (in metric tons)
(i) Recycled
 Plastic waste (A) - 6 offices 3.69-
 E-waste (B) - PAN India 396.89-
 Battery waste - 5 office 34.48-
 Paper Waste - 12 offices 207.34-
 Metal Waste - 04 offices 13.82-
 Glass Waste - 01 offices 0.65-
(ii) Re-used 0.00-
(iii) Other recovery operations
 Organic Waste - 08 offices 182.37-
 T otal 839.24 -37
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of disposal method (in metric tons)
Category of waste FY 2024-25 FY 2023-2024
(i) Incineration 0.00 -
(ii) Landfilling
 Organic Waste - 03 offices* 7.02 -
 Construction and demolition waste - 2 offices** 16.53 -
 Paper Waste - 3 offices* 1.13 -
 Inert Waste - 01 offices* 0.18 -
(iii) Other disposal operations - -
T otal 24.87 - 
    *Handed over to local corporation
    **Disposed through authorised agencies
    -* stands data Not Available
  Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency.
 Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd
10.  Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe the strategy adopted by 
your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in your products and processes and the practices 
adopted to manage such wastes.
 Axis Bank adopts a responsible and compliance-driven approach to waste management across its establishments. The Bank 
follows key principles of Refuse, Reduce, Replace, Recycle, and Rethink as part of its broader commitment to sustainability 
and operational efficiency. With a long-term vision of reducing waste generation and minimizing landfill contribution, the 
Bank has adopted several initiatives to manage waste effectively and in compliance with applicable regulations.
 Refuse, Reduce & Replace: Through digital banking initiatives such as SAKSHAM, Axis Bank has significantly reduced 
its paper consumption by replacing physical statements and documents with digital formats. In line with sustainable 
sourcing practices, the Bank uses recycled and wheat straw-based paper where feasible, prioritizing alternatives with 
lower carbon footprints over conventional materials.
 Recycle: The Bank has partnered with authorized vendors empaneled with State and Central Pollution Control Boards 
(SPCBs/CPCBs) for the collection, handling, and environmentally sound disposal of e-waste generated across its pan-
India operations. Replaced UPS and backup batteries are 100% recycled through certified handlers, helping to prevent 
the release of hazardous substances into the environment. Additionally, paper and dry waste are segregated at key 
locations and responsibly handed over to authorized local vendors for recycling. While Axis Bank’s operations do not 
involve the direct use of hazardous or toxic chemicals, any operational by-products, including toner waste and e-waste, 
are handled in full compliance with applicable environmental laws and waste management rules.
 These practices reflect Axis Bank’s commitment to SDG 12 (Responsible Consumption and Production) and to 
embedding sustainability principles into day-to-day banking operations. 
11.  If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national parks, wildlife sanctuaries, 
biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental 
approvals / clearances are required, please specify details in the following format:
 No. Axis Bank does not have any operations or offices located in or around ecologically sensitive areas such as national 
parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, or coastal regulation zones 
where specific environmental approvals or clearances are required as per applicable environmental regulations.
12.  Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year:
 No. environmental impact assessments were required or undertaken by Axis Bank in the current financial year, as the 
nature of the Bank’s operations does not involve infrastructure or industrial projects that fall under the purview of 
Environmental Impact Assessment (EIA) regulations.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2538
Statutory Reports13.  Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/ regulations/ guidelines in India; such as the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Environment protection act 
and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
 Yes. Axis Bank is compliant with applicable environmental laws, regulations, and guidelines in India, including the Water 
(Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, the Environment (Protection) 
Act, and the rules framed thereunder.
Leadership Indicators 
1. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):
 For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
 i. Name of the area 
 ii. Nature of operations 
 iii. Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format: 
Parameter FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres)
(i) Surface water -* -
(ii) Groundwater - -
(iii) Third party water - -
(iv) Seawater / desalinated water - -
(v) Others - -
 Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) - -
 T otal volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) - -
  Water intensity per rupee of turnover  
(Water consumed / turnover)- -
  Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be 
selected by the entity- -
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres)
(i) Into Surface water
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii) Into Groundwater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii) Into Seawater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third parties - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others - -
 - No treatment - --
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
T otal water discharged (in kilolitres) - -
  -* stands data Not Available
   Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of 
the external agency.
  Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd.39
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions & its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
T otal Scope 3 emissions  
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, 
HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) tCO2e 41,566.90 39,888.28
T otal Scope 3 emissions per rupee of 
turnover   g CO2e/ Rupee 0.029 0.030
T otal Scope 3 emission intensity  (optional ) 
– the relevant metric may be selected by 
the entity tCO2e/Full Time 
Employee (FTE)0.40 0.38
  Note:  Indicate if any independent assessment/ evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the 
external agency. 
 Yes, the assurance has been carried out by SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
3.  With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas reported at Question 11 of Essential Indicators above, provide 
details of significant direct & indirect impact of the entity on biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and 
remediation activities.
 Axis Bank does not have any direct operations in or around ecologically sensitive areas, and hence, has not caused 
any significant direct or indirect impact on biodiversity in such zones during the reporting period. However, as part 
of its commitment to responsible financing, the Bank conducts environmental and social risk assessments for its 
wholesale banking lending activities, in line with its ESG policy. This framework ensures that potential environmental 
and biodiversity-related risks associated with financed projects are identified, evaluated, and addressed appropriately 
before loan disbursal.
4.  If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or solutions to improve resource 
efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions / effluent discharge / waste generated, please provide details of the 
same as well as outcome of such initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. 
NoInitiative undertakenDetails of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may 
be provided along-with summary)Outcome of the initiative
1 Adoption of centralised Energy 
Management System (CEMS) 
initiative Deployed CEMS across 600 branches / 
offices to monitor and optimize Electricity 
consumption In FY 2024-25, the implementation of CEMS 
in 600 branches helped save 38.72 lac 
units of electricity, which resulted in saving 
~2,814.96 tCO2e of carbon emissions. 
2 Solar Power - 2 MW at Solapur Commissioned a 2 MW solar plant in 
Solapur, MaharashtraAggregating Solar Power of ~ 2 MW which 
helped avoiding ~ 2,221.59 tCO2e of carbon 
emissions in FY 2024-25.
3 Green Renewable Power   
purchase arrangements, BCC 
Bangalore Procuring ~  1 MW of solar power for the 
Bengaluru Data Centre under a Power 
Purchase Agreement (PPA).The Bank has consumed ~ 100.70 lac units of 
electricity for its Data Centre, alone in  
FY 2024 -25, which helped in avoiding 
~7,320. 89 tCO2e of carbon emissions.
4 Wheat Straw based paper 
procured  In line with sustainable sourcing practices, 
the Bank uses wheat straw-based paper 
where feasible, prioritizing alternatives 
with lower carbon footprints.The bank minimised about ~ 3.63 tCO2e of 
carbon emissions.
5 Digital Banking Services – 
‘Saksham’
Use of various digital banking initiatives, 
replacing physical statements and 
onboarding materials with digital formats.helped in avoiding ~ 46.37 tCO2e of carbon 
emissions.
Digital Banking Services - 
e-statements & e-welcome kitshelped in avoiding ~ 28.76 tCO2e of carbon 
emissions
Paperless Digital Loans in 
Digital Lending - DBAThelped in avoiding ~1,202.27 tCO2e of 
carbon emissions.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2540
Statutory ReportsSr. 
NoInitiative undertakenDetails of the initiative (Web-link, if any, may 
be provided along-with summary)Outcome of the initiative
6 Axis House, MIDC Andheri & 
Ruby MillsThese offices operate entirely on 
renewable/Green energy.helped in avoiding ~ 5,040.17 tCO2e of 
carbon emissions.
Axis House, Worli - 
supplementary 224 KW solar 
panelshelped in avoiding ~ 53.11 tCO2e of carbon 
emissions.
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan? Give details in 100 words/ web link.
 Axis Bank has instituted a comprehensive Business Continuity Management (BCM) framework, aligned with RBI 
guidelines and global best practices, to ensure uninterrupted banking services across all critical functions. The 
framework is built on three strategic pillars—business continuity, disaster recovery, and emergency response—to 
minimize any financial, regulatory, or reputational impact during disruptions. Oversight is provided by the BCP & Crisis 
Management Committee, and rigorous testing ensures ongoing readiness. The Bank’s Business Continuity Office 
continually strengthens preparedness, enabling resilience across operations. 
 The Policy is accessible at:
 https://www.axisbank.com/docs/default-source/noticeboard/customerserviceinformation/business-continuity-
management-at-axis-bank-ltd.pdf
6.  Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain of the entity. What mitigation 
or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this regard?
 Axis Bank has not observed any significant adverse environmental impacts arising directly from its value chain during 
the reporting period. However, the Bank proactively mitigates potential indirect risks through its ESG risk assessment 
framework for wholesale lending and promotes sustainable procurement practices. These measures help ensure 
environmental responsibility across its financing and supplier ecosystem.
7.  Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed for environmental 
impacts.
 Currently, Axis Bank has not conducted any formal assessments of its value chain partners for their environmental 
impact. However, the Bank is in the process of strengthening its ESG integration across procurement and supplier 
engagement, with the aim to incorporate such assessments in the future.
PRINCIPLE 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent.
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/ associations.
  Axis Bank representatives actively contribute to policy advocacy through their empanelment on 47 Committees, 
Sub-Committees, Working Groups, and platforms across various industry bodies, trade associations, chambers of 
commerce, media, and academic institutions.
 b.  List the top 10 trade and industry chambers/ associations (determined based on the total members of such body) 
the entity is a member of/ affiliated to:
S. 
No.Name of the trade and industry chambers/associationsReach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations (State/National)
1 Indian Banks Association (IBA) National
2 Associated Chambers of Commerce & Industry of India (ASSOCHAM) National
3 Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI) National
4 World Economic Forum International
5 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) National41
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report S. 
No.Name of the trade and industry chambers/associationsReach of trade and industry chambers/ 
associations (State/National)
6 Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and In-dustry (FICCI) National
7 Fixed Income Money Market and Derivatives Associa-tion (FIMMDA) International
8 NASSCOM National
9 Data Security Council of India National
10 EDM Council National
2.  Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to anti-competitive conduct by the 
entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities:
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
No such cases reported in the current financial year.
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
S. 
No.Public policy 
advocatedMethod resorted for 
such advocacyWhether information 
available in public 
domain ? (Yes/No)Frequency of Review by Board 
(Annually/Half yearly/Quarterly 
/Others –please specify)Web  Link, if 
available
The Bank has not taken any direct public policy positions. However, it actively contributes to policy development in the banking 
sector through participation in industry forums, events, and consultations, thereby supporting and influencing regulatory and policy 
advancements. Please refer to the section “Thought Leadership” page no. 196 of Bank’s Integrated Annual Report for FY 2024-25.
PRINCIPLE 8 : Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development.
Essential Indicators
1.  Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on applicable laws, in the 
current financial year.
 The Bank’s operations do not involve projects that mandate Social Impact Assessments. However, from a CSR 
perspective, the Bank actively collaborates with implementing partners to ensure alignment with programme objectives 
and maximize social impact. This includes close oversight of programme design, implementation models, and governance 
mechanisms. In compliance with the Ministry of Corporate Affairs’ guidelines, Impact Assessments of eligible CSR 
projects are conducted by qualified, independent third-party agencies.
Name and brief details 
of projectSIA Notification No. Date of notificationWhether conducted 
by independent 
external agency 
(Yes / No)Results communicated 
in public domain  
(Yes / No)Relevant Web link
N.A.
2.  Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) is being undertaken by 
your entity:
S. No.Name of Project for 
which R&R is ongoingState DistrictNo. of Project Affected 
Families (PAFs)% of PAFs covered by 
R&RAmounts paid to PAFs in the 
FY (In INR)
N.A.
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community
 As a financial services institution, the Bank’s core operations typically do not generate community-related grievances. 
However, through its Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) initiatives, the Bank integrates mechanisms for receiving and 
addressing community feedback, including direct engagement with beneficiaries. To ensure alignment with community needs, 
the Bank conducts baseline, midline, and end-line assessments of its CSR programmes. Additionally, a robust whistleblower 
mechanism is in place to capture grievances or concerns from both internal and external stakeholders—including vendors and 
community members. Stakeholders can share their concerns via the dedicated email address: csr@axisbank.com .Integrated Annual Report 2024-2542
Statutory Reports4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers::
Category of waste FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 10% 11%
Directly from within India 100% 100%
5.  Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including employees or workers employed 
on a permanent or non-permanent / on contract basis) in the following locations, as % of total wage cost:
Location FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Rural 3.87% 3.9%
Semi Urban 11.76% 9.7%
Urban 23.31% 19.5%
Metropolitan 61.05% 66.9%
 (Place to be categorized as per RBI Classification System - rural/ semi-urban / urban / metropolitan)
 •  Numbers mentioned above are specific to Indian geography.
 •   Classification is based on the RBI Guidelines and Census 2011. As per the latest census all urban would be classified 
as metropolitan based on the population index.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the Social Impact Assessments 
(Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above)::
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
N. A.
2.  Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated aspirational districts as 
identified by government bodies:
Sr. 
No.State Aspirational Districts Amount (In ` crore)
1 Andhra Pradesh Visakhapatnam 1.59
Vizianagaram
2 Assam Baksa 0.72
Barpeta
Darrang
Dhubri
Goalpara
Udalguri
3 Bihar Aurangabad(BH) 5.25
Banka
Gaya
Jamui
Muzaffarpur
Nawada43
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report Sr. 
No.State Aspirational Districts Amount (In ` crore)
4 Chhattisgarh Bastar 10.77
Bijapur
Dakshin Bastar Dantewada
Korba
Mahasamund
Narayanpur
Rajnandgaon
Sukma
Uttar Bastar Kanker
5 Gujarat Narmada 0.31
6 Himachal Pradesh Chamba 0.04
7 Jharkhand Bokaro 16.69
Dumka
East Singhbhum
Garhwa
Godda
Gumla
Hazaribagh
Khunti
Latehar
Lohardaga
Palamu
Ramgarh
Ranchi
Sahebganj
Simdega
West Singhbhum
8 Kerala Wayanad 0.02
9 Madhya Pradesh Barwani 3.27
Chhatarpur
Damoh
Guna
Khandwa (East Nimar)
Rajgarh
Singrauli
Vidisha
10 Maharashtra Dharashiv 0.97
Gadchiroli
11 Meghalaya Ri Bhoi 0.56
12 Mizoram Mamit 0.02
13 Nagaland Kiphire 0.02Integrated Annual Report 2024-2544
Statutory ReportsSr. 
No.State Aspirational Districts Amount (In ` crore)
14 Odisha Balangir 17.49
Dhenkanal
Gajapati
Kalahandi
Kandhamal
Koraput
Malkangiri
Nabarangpur
Nuapada
Rayagada
15 Punjab Ferozepur 0.06
16 Rajasthan Baran 1.59
Dholpur
Jaisalmer
17 Tamil Nadu Ramanathapuram 6.06
Virudhunagar
18 Uttar Pradesh Bahraich 2.25
Chandauli
Chitrakoot
19 Uttarakhand Haridwar 0.10
Udham Singh Nagar
T otal 67.79
3. a.  Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers comprising 
marginalized /vulnerable groups? (Yes/No)
  No, the Bank does not currently have a preferential procurement policy covering the specified parameters. 
However, it actively promotes green procurement practices wherever applicable.
 b. From which marginalized /vulnerable groups do you procure? 
  N.A. 
 c. What percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute? 
  N.A.
4.  Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired by your entity (in the 
current financial year), based on traditional knowledge:
S. 
No.Intellectual Property based on 
traditional knowledgeOwned/Acquired (Yes/No) Benefit Shared (Yes/No)Basis of calculating benefit 
share
N.A.
5.  Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual property related disputes 
wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved:
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
N.A.45
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR projects*:
S. 
No.CSR ProjectNo of persons benefitted from  
CSR Projects% of beneficiaries from vulnerable  
and marginalised groups
1 Education 8,56,008 100%
2 Environment (Total Tree Plantation) 32,73,765 (saplings) ---
3 Financial Inclusion 1,98,459 95%
4 Sustainable Livelihood (Total Households) 3,87,467 100%
5 Sports 381 50%
 *standalone for FY 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and feedback. 
 Axis Bank has established multiple robust mechanisms to receive and address customer complaints and feedback. 
These include communication through branches and relationship managers, telephonic and online channels such as 
the Bank’s website, emails, and social media platforms, as well as interactions through the Axis Virtual Centre. The 
Bank regularly conducts customer satisfaction surveys and grievance redressal mechanisms, including Axis Pride – a 
dedicated initiative aimed at ensuring quick resolution of customer complaints. 
2.  Turnover of products and/ services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service that carry information 
about:
State As a % to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters relevant to the product
N.A. Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposal
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
*FY 2024-25 FY 2023-24
Received 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution at the 
end of yearRemarksReceived 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution at 
the end of yearRemarks
Data privacy 0 0 - 0 0 0
Advertising 12,744 544 - - - -
Cyber- security 0 0 - 0 0 0
Delivery of essential 
services 4,97,247 8,782 - 0 0 -
Restrictive Trade 
Practices 0 0 - 0 0 -
Unfair Trade 
Practices4,438 146 - 16,940 0 The Bank shall 
report the 
complaints pending  
resolution for Unfair  
Trade practices 
going forward.
Other 76,111 1,671 - - - -
  *The Bank records and reports customer complaints in accordance with the 16 categories prescribed by the RBI circular dated January 
27, 2021. For the purpose of BRSR disclosures, these existing customer complaints have been systematically reclassified to align with the 
reporting requirements of BRSR.Integrated Annual Report 2024-2546
Statutory Reports4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues:
Number Reasons for call
Voluntary recalls
N.A.
Forced recalls
5.  Does the entity have a framework/ policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? (Yes/No) If available, 
provide a web-link of the policy.
 Yes. The Bank has a robust framework to manage cyber security and data privacy risks through comprehensive 
Information and Cyber Security Policies, aligned with its OPEN philosophy. Governance is overseen by an executive-
level Information System Security Committee. The framework adheres to leading standards including ISO 27001, ISO 
27017, ISO 27018, ISO 27034, and PCI DSS. A defense-in-depth approach is adopted, supported by 24x7 monitoring 
through a dedicated Security Operations Centre (SOC), rigorous pre-deployment assessments, and strong technical and 
administrative controls to prevent, detect, and respond to cyber threats, ensuring the protection of customer data and 
digital assets.
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to advertising, and delivery of essential 
services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty / action 
taken by regulatory authorities on safety of products / services.
 The Bank remains committed to safeguarding customer data privacy and delivering secure, reliable services. No 
complaints related to privacy or data breaches were received during FY 2024–25. Our Privacy Policy reinforces 
responsible data processing and enhances customer awareness of how their personal data is protected. The Bank 
ensures transparency by displaying appropriate privacy notices in line with regulatory norms across all products and 
services. With a strong focus on people, processes, and technology, we continuously strengthen our data governance 
framework to offer seamless and inclusive banking. There were no reported instances of product recalls, advertising 
violations, or penalties related to the safety of products or services during the reporting year.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches.
 a. Number of instances of data breaches
  Nil. No such instances reported during the year.
 b. Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers
  N.A.
 c. Impact, if any, of the data breaches
  N.A.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Channels / platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be accessed (provide web link, if 
available).
 The Bank’s products and services cater to a wide spectrum of the Indian economy and its society and are designed 
to best meet their needs and requirements. The Bank has the necessary checks and balances in place to ensure that 
its product offerings meet the stringent norms put in place by the Reserve Bank of India, and that its representatives, 
especially those dealing directly with customers, whether in person, on the phone, or online, are adequately trained on 
critical Know Your Customer policies, and equipped with the relevant product information. In this regard, the Bank’s key 
codes, policies and commitments towards customers, such as the Code of Commitment, Citizen’s Charter, Customer 
Rights Policy, among others, are accessible on the Bank’s website at https://www.axisbank.com/webforms/code-of-
commitment
 The Bank publishes information about its varied range of financial products and services in its website  
https://www.axisbank.com/explore-products47
Business Responsibility 
& Sustainability Report 2. Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products and/or services.
 The Bank has in place a Privacy Policy for customers to increase awareness on the steps taken by the Bank to protect 
and process personal data of customer, in a responsible manner.
 The Bank a powerful security umbrella across Internet Banking, Mobile Banking, and Credit Cards by combining 
multifactor authentication, real-time fraud monitoring, and other best practices. We protect customer data through 
vigilant detection and rapid response to threats
3. Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of essential services.
 The Bank has robust measures in place to proactively inform customers of any potential service disruptions or 
discontinuations, in line with applicable regulatory requirements. These efforts are supported by a comprehensive 
Business Continuity Plan (BCP) framework, which forms an integral part of the Bank’s broader risk governance 
architecture. The BCP ensures seamless continuity of critical services and operations, safeguarding the interests of the 
Bank’s diverse and extensive customer base.
4.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated as per local laws? (Yes/
No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity carry out any survey with regard to consumer 
satisfaction relating to the major products / services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or 
the entity as a whole? (Yes/No)  
  The Bank ensures that its products and services are transparent, easily understood by, and clearly communicated to 
its customers in line with the extant rules and guidelines of the regulator as well as standard setting bodies such as 
the Banking Codes and Standards Board of India. Accordingly, products’ pricing, the associated risks, the terms and 
conditions that govern use over a product’s life cycle and the responsibilities of the customer and the Bank are clearly 
disclosed. In pursuance of the above, the Bank:
 • Ensures complete transparency so that the customers can have a clear understanding of what they can expect 
from the Bank.
 • Provides customers with information about its products and services, terms and conditions, and the interest rates 
/ service charges in a simple and easily understandable language, and with sufficient information so that the 
customer can make an appropriate and informed decisions/ choice of product.
 • Displays product related information and tariff schedule on the website for customer’s perusal.
 • Provides information on interest rates, fees and charges either on the Notice Board in the branches or website or 
through helplines.
 • Provides Product information, related terms & conditions and tariffs at the time of on boarding in the welcome kit 
as well as directly through customers through on-boarding emailers and SMS’.
 • Makes known the key risks associated with the product through provision of Most Important Terms and Conditions 
(MITC) associated with the product or service.
 • Make every effort to ensure that staff dealing in a particular product is properly trained to provide relevant 
information to customers fully, correctly and honestly, among others
.