 
 
 
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/about -us 
Corporate Office:  6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune - Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar,  Pune - 411 014, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 20 7150 5700 | Fax: +91 20 7150 5792 
Registered Office:  C/o Bajaj Auto Limited Complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, India  
Corporate ID No.:  L65923PN2007PLC130075 | Email ID:  investors@bajajfinserv.in  
2 July 2025  
 
To 
Corporate Relations Department.  
BSE Limited  
1st Floor, New Trading Ring,  Rotunda Building, P J Tower,  Dalal Street, Fort,  
Mumbai 400 001  To 
Corporate Listing Department.  
National Stock Exchange of India Ltd  
Exchange Plaza, 5th Floor  Plot No.C -1, G Block,  
Bandra -Kurla Complex,  
Bandra (East), Mumbai 400 051  
BSE Code: 532978  NSE Code: BAJAJFINSV  
 
Dear Sir/Madam,  
 Sub: Intimation under Reg. 34(2)(f) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) 
Regulations 2015 as amended (the ‘SEBI Listing Regulations ’) - Business  Responsibility and 
Sustainability Report for FY2025  
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI Listing Regulations , please find enclosed herewith Business 
Responsibility and Sustainability Report (‘BRSR’) for the financial year ended 31 March 2025 including 
assurance report (Reasonable and Limited) by  SGS India Private Limited , which also forms part of Annual 
Report for FY2025.  
 
The aforesaid report can also be accessed on the Company’s website at 
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor -relations -annual -reports . 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 Thanking you,  
Yours faithfully,  
 FOR BAJAJ FINSERV LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
UMA SHENDE  
COMPANY SECRETARY  Email ID: investors@bajajfinserv.in   
Encl.: As Above  Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
SECTION 	A:	GENERAL 	DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1. Corporate Identity Number 
(CIN) of the Listed EntityL65923PN2007PLC130075
2. Name of the Listed Entity Bajaj Finserv Ltd.
3. Year of incorporation 2007
4.Registered office address C/o Bajaj Auto Limited Complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Pune - 411035
5. Corporate address 6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office, off Pune-Ahmednagar Road, 
Viman Nagar, Pune – 411014
6.E-mail investors@bajajfinserv.in
7.Telephone +91 20 7150 5700  
8. Website https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/about-us
9.Financial year for which 
reporting is being done2024-25
10.Name of the Stock Exchange(s) 
where shares are listed BSE Ltd. and National Stock Exchange of India Ltd.
11.Paid-up Capital ` 159.60 crore
12.Name and contact details 
(telephone, email address) 
of the person who may be 
contacted in case of any queries 
on the BRSR ReportName of the person Ms. Uma Shende,  
Company Secretary
Telephone Number 020 7157 6064
Email ID uma.shende@bajajfinserv.in 
13. Reporting boundary Consolidated basis, collectively referred to as ‘BFS group’ (For more 
details on entities considered for consolidation refer #23 below)
14. Name of assessment or 
assurance providerSGS India Pvt. Ltd.
15. Type of assessment or 
assurance obtainedBRSR	Core: Reasonable assurance (SEBI’s circular SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-
SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122 dated 12 July 2023)  
BRSR	Comprehensive 	(excluding 	BRSR	Core): Limited Assurance
II.	 Products/services
16. Details of business activities (accounting for 90% of the turnover):
Sr. 
No. Description of main activity Description of business activity% of turnover 
of the Group
1Financial and insurance services Non-Banking Finance Company engaged in lending 
and allied activities52%
2Financial and insurance activities Non-life Insurance Business 24%
3Financial and insurance activities Life Insurance 24%
17. Products/Services sold by the group (accounting for 90% of the entity’s turnover): 
Sr. 
No. Product/ServiceNIC Code% of total 
turnover 
contributed
1Other Financial activities: Non-Banking Finance Company engaged in 
lending and allied activities65923 52%
2Non-Life Insurance Business 65120 24%
3Life Insurance 65110 24%
12418th Annual Report 2024-25
III. O perations
18. Number of locations where plants and/or operations/offices of the entity are situated:
LocationNumber of 
Plants#Number of 
Offices*Total
NationalNot applicable5,381 5,381
International 2 2
 * Includes branches, representative offices, and corporate offices as on 31 March 2025 
 # Bajaj Finserv group provides financial services and does not undertake any manufacturing activities
19. Markets served by the entity:
a. Number of locations
Location Number
National (No. of States) 28 States and 8 Union Territories
International (No. of Countries) 2 
b. What is the contribution of exports as a percentage of the total turnover of the entity?
  BFS operations are largely concentrated within India. However, through its subsidiary Bajaj Finserv Health 
Ltd. a small proportion of services are rendered outside India which is less than 1% of the total revenue.
c. A brief on types of Customers
  Bajaj Finserv group provides financial products and services to meet all financial lifecycle needs of its 
customers, be it Individuals (salaried and self-employed), SMEs, Corporates, the Government, Farmers, 
etc. as follows:
Enablers through 
payments, rewards 
and partnership 
for granular and 
seamless customer 
experience
Savings and 
protection needs 
of the customers 
through Life 
Insurance coupled 
with securities 
business and the 
most recent asset 
management 
company
Health and wellness 
was a necessary 
component to add 
value to customer 
products and 
offeringsCreated a 
strong market 
for consumer 
lending products 
for individual, 
households and 
MSMEs
Established strong 
data analytics 
to deepen 
wallet share 
and strengthen 
secured lending 
business
Simultaneously, 
general insurance 
built a strong 
market share in 
retail businesses
Objective: To be the financial services lifecycle partner to every Indian 
Create constant value across the customer lifecycle, build sustainable businessBFS  
CUSTOMERS CONSUMER LENDING
CREDIT LINES
MSME MORTGAGE PARTNERSHIPS & VALUE  ADDED SERVICES 
REWARDS AND  ROYALTIES PAYMENTS 
GENERAL  
INSURANCE 
WELLNESS LIFE  
INSURANCE Utilities 
Consumer  
Durable 
Retail 
Spends 
Business/
Professional Loans 
Lifestyle 
Asset Creation 
Asset 
Finances 
and 
Protection 
Healthcare  
and  
Wellness Life 
Insurance Protection Savings Investments Fund 
Transfers Travel 
and 
Dining Recreation 
and 
EntertainmentDaily 
Household 
Services Digital 
Consumption 
ASSET MANAGEMENT BROKING Customer Lifecycle Partner
125 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Finance and Lending
•  BFS participates in lending business through its 51.39% subsidiary—Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL). BFL also 
participates in the savings business by offering fixed deposits, mutual funds, and other similar financial 
products to its customers. BFL's customer franchise as on 31 March 2025 stood at 101.82 million. It has 
a strong geographic presence spread across 4,263 locations and 232,000 active distribution points. 
BFL acquired 18.18 million new customers in FY2025.
•  BFL operates mortgage business through 88.75% subsidiary—Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd., which is 
engaged in various aspects of housing finance and development.
•  BFL also has another 100% unlisted subsidiary called Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd., which is registered 
with the SEBI as a stockbroker and depository participant providing its clients a full suite of investment 
products and services in an all-in-one digital platform.
 Insurance
 • Non-Life insurance
   BFS’s non-life insurance (including health) participation is through its subsidiary Bajaj	Allianz	Gener al	
Insurance 	Co mpany	Lt d.	(B AGIC), which is focused on retail segments (mass, mass affluent and HNI) 
and commercial segments {SME and MSMEs (Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises)}, while maintaining 
strong position in large corporate and government business.
   It uses a strong multi-channel pan-India distribution network encompassing multiline agents, broking, 
bancassurance, direct and ecommerce network serving all segments of customers with an array of 
products including Motor, Health, Fire, Marine, Engineering, Liability, Travel, Personal Accident and 
Crop insurance.
   Its ‘Caringly Yours’ approach helps it achieve the highest Net Promoter Scores and lowest Grievances 
across the industry, consistently.
  BAGIC issued 48,269,241 policies during the year.
 • Life Insurance
    BFS’s Life insurance (including retirement) participation is through its subsidiary Bajaj	Allianz	Life	
Insurance 	Company 	Ltd.	(BALIC) . BALIC maintains a most balanced pan-India distribution network 
across Agency, Bancassurance and Direct channel’s, combined with an array of innovative products 
and features spread across Participating and Non-Participation (including Protection, Non-Par Savings, 
ULIPs and Annuities) lines of business.
   Its strong focus on service and customer obsession has helped BALIC witness a solid growth in their 
number of customers, especially in the mass affluent and above segments.
   Both these Companies are unlisted joint ventures with Allianz SE, one of the world’s leading 
composite insurers.
  BALIC covered 779,584 lives during the year.
 Others
 •  BFS through its subsidiary (80.10% held by BFS and 19.90% by BFL), Bajaj	Finserv 	Direct	Ltd.	 
(BFSD/Bajaj Markets), has created a digital open architecture marketplace which offers range of 
financial products including loans, insurance, mutual funds, investments, lifestyle products, payments, 
and e-commerce.
   Through its digital technology services business, BFSD also offers end-to-end services including design, 
development, implementation and support for digital technology solutions needs of customers.
 •  BFS through its another 100 % subsidiary, Bajaj	Finserv 	Health	Ltd. (Bajaj Finserv Health), a health 
tech venture, aims to transform healthcare in India by integrating a fragmented healthcare delivery 
ecosystem with technology and financial services on a digital platform to bring quality healthcare closer 
to consumers’ reach through products, networks, and technology.
 •  BFS offers mutual fund products to its customers through its asset management company, 
Bajaj Finserv 	Asset	Management 	Ltd. (BFS AMC), a 100 % subsidiary. FY2025 was first full year of 
operations for BFS AMC.
 • 	Bajaj	Finserv 	Ventures 	Ltd. (BFSV) is another 100% subsidiary of BFS, which is an investment 
platform for (i) early to mid-stage venture capital investments and (ii) alternate class of assets.
12618th Annual Report 2024-25
IV. Employees
20. Details as at the end of Financial Year:
a. Employees and workers (including differently abled):
Sr. 
No.ParticularsTotal (A)Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
Employees
1.Permanent (D) 104,668 90,904 87% 13,764 13%
2.Other than Permanent (E)* 111,142 80,374 72% 30,768 28%
3.Total employees (D+E) 215,810 171,278 79% 44,532 21%
 * Refers to fixed term employees
Sr. 
No.ParticularsTotal (A)Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
Workers
4.Permanent (F) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
5.Other than Permanent (G) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
6.Total workers (F+G) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
b.  Differently abled employees and workers:
Sr. 
No.ParticularsTotal (A)Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
Differently Abled Employees
1.Permanent (D) 34 27 79% 7 21%
2.Other than Permanent (E) 0 0 0 0 0
3.Total differently abled employees 
(D+E)34 27 79% 7 21%
Sr. 
No.ParticularsTotal
(A)Male Female
No. (B) % (B/A) No. (C) % (C/A)
Differently Abled Workers
4.Permanent (F) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
5.Other than Permanent (G) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
6.Total differently abled workers 
(F+G) N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
21. Participation/Inclusion/Representation of women:
Total
(A)No. and percentage of 
Females
No. (B) % (B/A)
Board of Directors* 8 1 13%
Key Management Personnel** 3 1 33%
 * The data pertains to the Company as on 31 March 2025 
 ** Key Managerial Personnel are as defined under section 203(1) of the Companies Act, 2013
127 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
22. Turnover rate for permanent employees and workers
FY2025
(Turnover rate  
in current FY)FY 2024
(Turnover rate  
 in current FY)FY 2023
(Turnover rate in the year 
prior to the previous FY)
MaleFemale Total MaleFemale Total MaleFemale Total
Permanent 
Employees24% 38% 26% 24% 35% 26% 25% 43% 27%
Permanent Worker N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
V. Holding, Subsidiary and Associate Companies (including joint ventures)
23. (a) Names of holding/subsidiary/associate companies/joint ventures:
Sr.
No.Name of the holding/subsidiary/associate 
companies/joint ventures (A)Indicate 
whether 
holding/
subsidiary/
Associate/
Joint Venture% of shares 
held by
Bajaj 
Finserv Ltd. 
as at 31-
Mar-2025Does the entity 
indicated at 
column A, 
participate in 
the Business 
Responsibility 
initiatives of the 
listed entity? 
(Yes/No)
1Bajaj Finserv Ltd. (BFS) Holding -
Yes,  
Refer note2Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC) * Subsidiary 74.00%
3Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd. (BAGIC) * Subsidiary 74.00%
4Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL) * Subsidiary 51.39%
5Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd.  
(Balance 19.9% shares are held by BFL)Subsidiary 80.10%
6Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd. Subsidiary 100.00%
7Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd.  
(88.75% Subsidiary of Bajaj Finance Ltd.) *Subsidiary -
8Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd.  
(100% Subsidiary of Bajaj Finance Ltd.)Subsidiary -
9Bajaj Finserv Mutual Fund Trustee Ltd. Subsidiary 100.00%
10Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd. Subsidiary 100.00%
11Bajaj Finserv Ventures Ltd. Subsidiary 100.00%
12Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd. Joint Venture 50.00%
13Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd. 
(100% subsidiary of Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd.)Joint Venture -
14Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.
(100% Subsidiary of Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd.)Subsidiary -
15Vidal Health Insurance TPA Pvt. Ltd.  
(100% Subsidiary of Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.)Subsidiary
16VH Medcare Pvt. Ltd.
(100% Subsidiary of Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.)Subsidiary
17Snapwork Technologies Private Ltd.  
(Associate of Bajaj Finance Ltd.)41.50%**No
18Pennant Technologies Private Ltd.  
(Associate of Bajaj Finance Ltd.)26.53%**No
 * Material subsidiary of the Company within the meaning of SEBI Listing Regulations. 
 ** On fully diluted basis
  Note: The Company is a Core Investment Company (CIC) and has no business operations of its own except 
the Windmills (generating renewable energy) it has installed to fulfil its contribution to the Environment. 
Further, the Company through its Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy engages with and 
enjoins upon its group companies to participate in the responsible and sustainable business conduct.
  While not mandatory, our insurance subsidiaries, BAGIC and BALIC, are among the first non-listed 
insurance companies in India to obtain a limited assurance of their BRSR reports and separate verification 
of their GHG emissions (Scope 1, 2, and 3) starting from FY2023.
12818th Annual Report 2024-25
VI. CSR Details
24.(i) Whether CSR is applicable as per section 135 of 
Companies Act, 2013: (Yes/No):Yes
(ii) Turnover (in `) :133,822.12 crore consolidated,  
2,299.19 crore standalone
(iii) Net worth (in `) :70,607.76 crore consolidated,  
8,435.80 crore standalone 
VII.  Transparency and Disclosures Compliances
25.  Complaints/Grievances on any of the principles (Principles 1 to 9) under the National 
Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct:
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
receivedGrievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in 
Place  
(Yes/No)
(if yes, then 
provide 
web-link for 
grievance 
redress 
policy)FY2025 FY2024
Number of complaints
RemarksNumber of complaints
RemarksFiled 
during 
the yearPending 
resolution
at close of 
the yearFiled 
during 
the yearPending 
resolution
at close of 
the year
Communities Yes. Any 
queries or 
complaints
can be shared 
by sending
an email to: 
bfscommunity.
grievance@
bajajfinserv.inNIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Investors
(other than 
shareholder- 
bondholders)Yes. Any 
queries or 
complaints
can be shared 
by sending
an email to: 
investors@
bajajfinserv.inNIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Shareholders Yes. Any 
queries or 
complaints
can be shared 
by sending
an email to: 
investors@
bajajfinserv.in457 7The pending 
cases as on 
31 March 
2025 will be 
subsequently 
resolved 
as per 
respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time.46 NIL NIL
Employees and 
workersYes. Any 
queries or 
complaints
can be shared 
by sending
an email to: 
whistleblower@
bajajfinserv.inNIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
129 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Stakeholder 
group from 
whom 
complaint is 
receivedGrievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism in 
Place  
(Yes/No)
(if yes, then 
provide 
web-link for 
grievance 
redress 
policy)FY2025 FY2024
Number of complaints
RemarksNumber of complaints
RemarksFiled 
during 
the yearPending 
resolution
at close of 
the yearFiled 
during 
the yearPending 
resolution
at close of 
the year
Customers Yes. Refer 
Bajaj Finserv 
Customer Care 
Service | Reach 
Us for Support 
section on:
https://www.
bajajfinserv.in/
reach-us13,425 8The pending 
cases as on 
31 March 
2025 will be 
subsequently 
resolved 
as per 
respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time. 12,547 16Pending 
complaints 
as on 31 
March 
2024 
have been 
suitably 
addressed 
in April, 
2024
Value Chain 
PartnersYes. Refer 
whistleblower@
bajajfinserv.in 11 2The pending 
cases 
as on 31 
March 2025 
have been 
subsequently 
resolved 
as per 
respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time.NIL NIL NIL
Others 
(Government 
and Regulators)Yes NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
  As a principle, each company within the BFS group engages with its stakeholders according to its 
respective policies, practices, and processes. The BFS group aims to resolve any differences justly, 
fairly, equitably, and consistently, taking corrective measures when warranted. While some policies on 
stakeholder conduct and grievance mechanisms are publicly available on the respective companies' 
websites, others are internal documents (e.g., SOPs) and therefore not accessible to the public.
13018th Annual Report 2024-25
26. Overview of the entity’s material responsible business conduct issues
  Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining 
to environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, 
rationale for identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its 
financial implications, as per the following format:
Sr. 
No.Material 
identified 
issueIndicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunityRationale for identifying.
The risk/opportunityIn case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigateFinancial 
implications 
-positive or 
negative
1Operational 
Eco-
EfficiencyOpportunity BFS and its group companies 
endeavour to reduce the 
overall environmental 
footprint of our operations. 
Optimising the use of natural 
resources can have business 
implications in terms of 
operational cost reduction 
and at the same time help 
organisations reduce waste 
generation.N.A. Positive
2Human 
RightsOpportunity Businesses that properly 
address human rights 
issues are likely to have a 
more productive and more 
sustainable workforce and 
avoid legal, operational and 
financial risks.N.A. Positive
3Data Privacy 
and SecurityRisk Information is a valuable asset 
regardless of its source and 
nature. The importance of 
information security, cyber 
security and fraud controls 
cannot be over-emphasised 
in this technological age. 
Security threats endanger 
customer data and disrupt 
business operations coupled 
with legal liabilities, regulatory 
investigations, financial 
penalties and damage to 
brand and reputation.Led by a strong commitment 
to protecting the privacy 
of personal data, we have 
formulated a well-structured 
Data Privacy Policy 
framework and controls. 
The BFS group companies 
have institutionalised a 
cyber-security  policy to 
protect its information 
infrastructure on the internet, 
prevent and respond to cyber 
threats, reduce vulnerabilities 
and minimise damage from 
cyber incidents. Strong 
governance processes 
are institutionalised with 
executive and Board oversight. 
Preparedness is tested 
for response to incidents. 
Awareness programmes and 
training are conducted timely.Negative
4Community 
RelationsOpportunity To build a sustainable 
ecosystem for the 
underserved. To help them 
realise and grow their 
potential, ensuring social, and 
economic inclusion for every 
individual.N.A. Positive
131 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Sr. 
No.Material 
identified 
issueIndicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunityRationale for identifying.
The risk/opportunityIn case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigateFinancial 
implications 
-positive or 
negative
5Human 
Capital 
DevelopmentOpportunity We strongly believe that 
'happy customers start 
with happy employees'. 
We value our people as they 
power our success. In line 
with this philosophy, at the 
BFS group, we are committed 
to attracting, engaging, 
and retaining the right 
talent, as it contributes to 
delivering a superior business 
performance. We are focused 
on creating a thriving, safe 
and inclusive workplace for 
employees, while keeping 
them engaged and providing 
opportunities for professional 
and personal development 
and growth.N.A. Positive
6Promoting 
Health 
Safety and 
well-beingOpportunity Beyond legal and financial 
considerations, promoting 
health, safety, and well-being 
is simply the right thing to do. 
It shows that the organisation 
values its employees as 
individuals. When employees 
feel safe and healthy at 
work, they are more likely to 
be engaged, motivated, and 
productive. This can lead to 
higher job satisfaction and 
lower turnover rates.N.A. Positive
7Diversity 
Equity and 
InclusionOpportunity At Bajaj Finserv Ltd., we 
seek to create an inclusive, 
equitable, culturally 
competent, supportive and 
safe environment where our 
employee’s model behaviour 
enriches our workplace. We 
are committed to embedding 
equity and inclusion in all our 
people and business practices.N.A. Positive
8Business 
Ethics and 
TransparencyOpportunity Exercising ethical business 
behaviour in business 
presents opportunities for the 
following reasons:
a.  Helps build trust and 
credibility with stakeholders
b.  Promotes long-term 
sustainability and 
profitability
c.  Prevents reputational 
damage, legal problems and 
loss of businessN.A. Positive
13218th Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. 
No.Material 
identified 
issueIndicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunityRationale for identifying.
The risk/opportunityIn case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigateFinancial 
implications 
-positive or 
negative
Risk Failure to serve customers 
with appropriate product 
offering or inappropriate 
conduct can lead to loss of 
trust and risk the reputation of 
the Company.The Groups philosophy of 
‘Customer Obsession’ and 
‘Responsible growth’ is a part 
of the culture wheel of the 
BFS group which emphasises 
the need to deliver fair value 
to customers, including 
selling products and offering 
services which meet societal 
needs and are in the interest 
of customers. The Board-
level Customer Service/Risk 
Committees oversees all 
aspects relating to customers 
including fairness and right 
selling.
BFS group companies follow 
a strict Code of Conduct 
(CoC) for its outsourced 
agents. The CoC prescribes 
stringent guidelines, such 
as maintaining privacy of 
prospective and existing 
customers, providing 
accurate product information, 
telemarketing etiquette, etc. 
The CoC for our outsourced 
agents is available on our 
website.Negative
9Stakeholder 
EngagementOpportunity BFS group follows National 
Guidelines on Responsible 
Business Conduct principles 
when interacting with its 
stakeholders (employees, 
customers, vendors, etc.). 
Stakeholder engagement is a 
strategic necessity for ethical 
operation, risk management, 
strong relationships, and long-
term sustainability.N.A. Positive
10Corporate 
GovernanceOpportunity Adhering to proper 
governance practices carry 
substantial benefits, including 
strong reputation and building 
stakeholder trust.N.A. Positive
133 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Sr. 
No.Material 
identified 
issueIndicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunityRationale for identifying.
The risk/opportunityIn case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigateFinancial 
implications 
-positive or 
negative
11Risk 
ManagementRisk BFS group is exposed to 
credit, liquidity, operational, 
market and interest-rate risk 
and various other types of risk. 
The ability to manage various 
types of risks is critical to our 
sustainable growth.At Bajaj Finserv group of 
companies, we are committed 
to managing risks within 
clearly defined parameters 
aligned with our established 
risk appetite frameworks. We 
assess risks using a structured 
framework that identifies, 
evaluates, mitigates, and 
monitors potential threats. 
This framework enables 
us to address risks that 
could materially impact our 
organisation or potentially 
hinder our business objectives 
and goals.
Our proactive and anticipatory 
approach to identifying and 
addressing risks allows us 
to ace informed strategic 
decisions.Negative
12Innovation 
and 
digitisationOpportunity Technology-enabled seamless 
customer experience has 
been the hallmark of our 
businesses. Each of our 
business is unique; so is their 
approach toward enhancing 
customer experience. But 
the core objectives are our 
customer centric approach 
based on our digitisation 
efforts and simplification 
of processes, ease of use 
and quick and appropriate 
responses. In the technology 
age now, information 
security, cyber security and 
fraud controls have become 
extremely critical. This 
challenges us to continue 
innovating to address evolving 
customer requirements, 
drive efficiency and adapt our 
products to attract and retain 
customers. New technologies 
offer business opportunities.N.A. Positive
Risk Increasing volume of digital 
transactions require us 
to ensure availability and 
scalability of systems.
A mismatch in business 
and IT strategies can cause 
potential risk of elongated 
period of downtimes leading 
to operational and reputation 
risks.The Company has been ahead 
of the curve in investing 
in technical upgradation/
adoption to enable it to 
respond to the changing 
technological changes. 
Dedicated tech and security 
teams in each of our 
companies are responsible 
for oversight over information 
technology strategy 
and policies and control 
frameworks. Our Disaster 
Recovery set up is ISO certified 
and backed by Business 
Continuity/Disaster Recovery 
drills.Negative
13418th Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. 
No.Material 
identified 
issueIndicate 
whether 
risk or 
opportunityRationale for identifying.
The risk/opportunityIn case of risk, approach to 
adapt or mitigateFinancial 
implications 
-positive or 
negative
13Climate 
Strategy and 
Emission 
ManagementRisk Climate strategy and 
emissions management 
are crucial for businesses 
to manage operational and 
environmental risks, and 
contribute to a sustainable 
economyThe Company, as a responsible 
corporate citizen, is conscious 
of direct and indirect impact 
of its operations on the 
environment. The Company 
is committed to reduce 
any negative impact on the 
natural environment and 
climate change. The Company 
endeavours to integrate sound 
environmental practices 
and governance systems in 
its day-to-day operations 
to minimise environmental 
impact.
Business impact of natural 
calamities is addressed 
through robust underwriting 
which incorporates climate 
risk as its key element. 
External natural catastrophe 
models are used to avoid 
concentration to calamity 
prone geographies. 
Reinsurance programmes are 
effectively used to minimise 
impact of natural catastrophe.Negative
14Sustainable 
Finance and 
Financial 
InclusionOpportunity Sustainable financing is not 
only important to address 
pressing environmental and 
social challenges but also 
for creating a more resilient, 
inclusive and prosperous 
future for all.
All individuals and businesses 
across the country should 
have easy and seamless 
access to relevant and 
affordable financial products 
and services in a sustainable 
way. This is essential for them 
to meet their transactional, 
payment, saving, credit and 
insurance needs in a hassle-
free manner.N.A. Positive
135 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
SECTION 	B:	MANAGEMENT 	AND	PROCESS 	DISCLOSURES
This section is aimed at helping businesses demonstrate the structures, policies and processes put in place 
towards adopting the NGRBC Principles and Core Elements.
Disclosure Questions P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
Policy and management processes 
1. a.   Whether  your entity’s policy/
policies cover each principle and 
its core elements of the NGRBCs. 
(Yes/No) Yes, BFS group has a policy covering all the principles named 
'Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy'
 b.   Has the polic y been approved by 
the Board? (Yes/No)Yes. The said Policy is approved by the Board. Further, the Policy is 
reviewed by the management periodically and the changes are put to 
the Board for their approval as applicable.
 c.   Web Link  of the Policies, if available The 'Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy' along with 
other relevant policies/codes can be found at Annexure 1 - Codes and 
policies and are accessible through:
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-policies-and-
codes
2.  Whether the entity has translated the 
policy into procedures. (Yes/No)Yes. The Company has translated the policies and imbibed the same 
into procedures and practices of the Company, as applicable.
3.  Do the enlisted policies extend to your 
value chain partners? (Yes/No)Yes. The Company strives to influence its value chain partners 
to participate in responsible and sustainable business conduct 
depending upon their means and resources.
Our commitment is ensured through legal clauses in our contracts with 
vendors and service providers, which mandates adherence to high 
standards for human rights, non-discrimination, prohibiting forced/
child labour, and environmental responsibility. 
Additionally, our largest subsidiary, BFL (contributing to over 50% of our 
revenue), has now implemented a comprehensive Supplier's Code of 
Conduct that extends to its value chain partners.
4.  Name of  the national and international 
codes/certifications/labels/standards 
(e.g., Forest Stewardship Council, 
Fairtrade, Rainforest Alliance, Truster) 
standards (e.g., SA 8000, OHSAS, ISO, 
BIS) adopted by your entity and mapped 
to each principle.All policies have been developed based on industry best practices or as 
per the regulatory requirements, and through appropriate consultation 
with relevant stakeholders. The group follows the standards listed 
below as a part of efforts towards health and safety:
1. ISO 14001 – Envir onment Management System.
2. ISO 45001 – Occupational Health and Sa fety.
Additionally, following standards have been adopted by all material 
subsidiaries:
1.  ISO 27001: Inf ormation Security Management System and 
Business Continuity Management System
2. ISO 22301: Business Continuity  Management System
In addition, many of our operational processes are ISO certified.
5.  Specific commitmen ts, goals and targets 
set by the entity with defined timelines, 
if any.1.  Environment restoration through tree plantation- Planting 2 
lakh tree saplings in FY2026.
2.  Improvised cook stove project to be undertaken across all 
material subsidiaries to minimise de-forestation and carbon 
footprint (CO2e emission reduction) in the environment while 
preventing the women in rural areas from the ill effects of the 
smoke generated by traditional cook stoves.
3.  Increase coverage of ISO 14001 (Environmental Management 
System) & ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety 
Management System) certifications across more than 
40 locations.
13618th Annual Report 2024-25
Disclosure Questions P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
4.  Implementation of water tracking system (WTS) across 40 
BFL locations.
5. BFL to open 20 new Microfinance branches
6.  Investments –more than 80% applicable investment portfolio of 
insurance subsidiaries would be assessed for ESG by FY26.
 BALIC – 80% of applicable portfolio
 BAGIC – 90% of applicable portfolio
7.  In addition to the above goals, the Company endeavours to 
become carbon neutral in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
by FY2032 for which a decarbonisation activity has been 
undertaken with the help of an external consultant.
6.  Performance of the entity against 
the specific commitments, goals, and 
targets along-with reasons in case the 
same are not met.1.  Bajaj Finance Ltd. to open 100 Micro Finance branches - 
During FY2025 Bajaj Finance Ltd. - Opened 218 Micro Finance 
branches against the commitment.
2.  BAGIC to open 20 branches in tier 2 and 3 towns (outside of 
top 50 cities where most industry business concentrated) 
- BAGIC & BALIC have opened 13 offices in tier 2 and tier 
3 towns.
3.  Extension of Environment Health & Safety Management 
System to more owned offices – ISO 14001 and ISO 45001 
certification received for BFS and BFL Head Offices. More 
offices in Pune shortlisted for certification which is underway. 
EHS manual has been implemented across PAN India offices.
4.  Environmental restoration through tree sapling plantations – 
More than 2 lakh tree saplings have been planted across all 
our material subsidiaries.
5.  Investments – more than 90% applicable investment portfolio 
of insurance subsidiaries would be assessed for ESG by 
FY2025 – More than 90% portfolio has been assessed.
6. Decarbonisation strategy finalised for the group.
Governance, Leadership and Oversight
7.  Statement by director responsible for 
the business responsibility Report, 
highlighting ESG related challenges, 
targets, and achievements (listed entity 
has flexibility regarding the placement 
of this disclosure):Please refer to 'Message from the Chairman & the Managing Director' 
in the ESG Report available on the Company website – Bajaj Finserv 
Impact – ESG  
8.  Details of the highest authority 
responsible for implementation and 
oversight of the Business Responsibility 
policy (ies).Name Sanjiv Bajaj
Designation Chairman & Managing Director
DIN 00014615
137 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Disclosure Questions P 1P 2P 3P 4P 5P 6P 7P 8P 9
9.   Does the en tity have a specified 
Committee of the Board/Director 
responsible for decision making on 
sustainability related issues? (Yes/No).  
If yes, provide details.Yes, our approach to business responsibility is structured across 
multiple levels:
1.		Group-Level 	Committee:  Chaired by the CMD, this committee 
includes senior executives from group companies and material 
subsidiaries. It meets periodically to provide strategic direction on 
business responsibility matters.
2.		Material 	Subsidiaries:  Each material subsidiary has its own 
Board-approved policy. Their empowered executive committees 
monitor implementation and meet periodically to assess 
performance against business responsibility objectives.
3.		Aggregate 	Mee tings: These executive committees’ meetings 
are held throughout the year across the group to drive common 
ESG initiatives.
4.		Board	o f	Dir ectors	R eview: The Company’s business 
responsibility performance is reviewed annually by the Board 
of Directors. Updates and discussions on sustainable and 
responsive business conduct initiatives take place during these 
meetings.
5.		ESG	Risk s: The ESG risks of the Company and its material 
subsidiaries are discussed during the year in the respective 
Company’s Risk Management Committee of the Board.
10. Details of Review of National Guidelines on Responsible Business Conduct (NGRBCs) by the Company: 
Subject for ReviewIndicate whether review 
was undertaken by Director/
Committee of the Board/Any 
other CommitteeFrequency (Annually/
Half yearly/Quarterly/Any other 
– please specify)
P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9
Performance against above policies and
follow up actionAs a practice, all the policies of the Company are reviewed periodically 
(minimum annually) or on a need basis by Department Heads, Business 
Heads, Senior Management Personnel and placed before the Board of 
Directors as and when required. During this assessment, the efficacy of the 
policies is also reviewed and necessary changes to policies and procedures 
are implemented.
Compliance with statutory requirements 
of relevance to the principles, and 
rectification of any non-compliancesThe Company complies with all applicable extant regulations and statutory 
guidelines. This is reviewed by the Board Annually.
11.  Has the entity carried out independent 
assessment/evaluation of the working of 
its policies by an external agency?  
(Yes/No). If yes, provide name of the 
agency.P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9
The Company ensures all policies are reviewed internally by relevant 
department heads, domain experts, or committee members, as 
applicable. All policies are approved by the Board. Our Board, comprised 
of experts in financial services, customer behaviour, management 
and governance, technology, finance, and regulations, reviews these 
policies at least annually.
12. If answer to question (1) above is 'No' i.e., not all Principles are covered by a policy, reasons to be stated:
Questions P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9
The entity does not consider the principles 
material to its business (Yes/No)
As the answer to question above is ‘Yes,’  
this question is not applicable.The entity is not at a stage where it is in a 
position to formulate and implement the policies 
on specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human 
and technical resources available for the task 
(Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year 
(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
13818th Annual Report 2024-25
SECTION 	C:	PRINCIPLE 	WISE	PERFORMANCE 	DISCLOSURE 	
This section is aimed at helping entities demonstrate their performance in integrating the Principles and 
Core Elements with key processes and decisions. The information sought is categorised as 'Essential' and 
'Leadership'. While the essential indicators are expected to be disclosed by every entity that is mandated to 
file this report, the leadership indicators may be voluntarily disclosed by entities which aspire to progress to a 
higher level in their quest to be socially, environmentally and ethically responsible.
PRINCIPLE 	1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves with integrity, and in a manner 
that is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable. 
Essential Indicators
1.  Percentage coverage by training and awareness programmes on any of the Principles during 
the financial year:
Segment Total number 
of training and 
awareness 
programmes heldTopics/principles covered under the training 
and its impact% of persons in 
respective category 
covered by awareness 
programmes
Board of 
Directors2 Apart from BFS and its listed subsidiaries, which 
carry out familiarisation programmes for its 
Directors, as required under the SEBI Listing 
Regulations, even unlisted material subsidiaries 
on an ongoing basis keep their respective 
directors and KMPs abreast on matters relating 
to the industry, business models, risk metrices, 
mitigation and management, governing 
regulations, ESG, information technology 
including cyber security, their roles, rights and 
responsibilities and major developments and 
updates on the Company, etc.
Please visit - Bajaj Finserv Investor Relations 
– Policies and Codes for detailed policy on 
'Familiarisation programmes'
In addition to the above, the Board of Director’s at 
its meeting held on 21 March 2025, were updated 
with BFS group initiatives encompassing the 
following:
1. ESG focus areas.
2. ESG assurance and R eporting
3. ESG ratings
4. ESG initiativ es undertaken by the Group.
5.  Various policies aligned with ESG Reporting, 
implemented at the Group.100%
Key 
Managerial 
Personnel100%
Employees 
other than  
BoD and  
KMPs1 The BFS group invests significant time and 
resources in the training and development of 
its employees, to help them stay ahead of latest 
trends and technology. Further, for certain 
relevant topics periodical awareness programmes 
are carried out through emails, posters/banners 
(physical and digital) and other modes of internal 
communication.
Such training/awareness programmes are 
on array of topics, such as Code of Conduct, 
Ethics, Cyber Security, Data Privacy, Consumer 
Financial Protection, ESG Awareness, Bribery, 
Corruption and Fraud Prevention, Anti-Money 
Laundering, Employee Health and Safety, Insider 
Trading, Prevention of Sexual Harassment, Skill 
Upgradation, Business continuity management 
system, Functional Trainings, etc.100%
Workers N.A. N.A. N.A.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
139 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
2.  Details of fines/penalties/punishment/award/compounding fees/settlement amount paid 
in proceedings (by the entity or by directors/KMPs) with regulators/law enforcement 
agencies/judicial institutions, in the financial year, in the following format (Note: the entity 
shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the 
entity’s website):
Monetary
NGRBC
PrincipleName of the 
regulatory/
enforcement 
agencies/
judicial 
institutionsAmount  
(In `) Brief of the CaseHas an 
appeal been 
preferred? 
(Yes/No) 
Penalty/Fine 1 Bajaj Finance 
Ltd. - IRDAI1 crore With respect to reconciliation of 
commission and professional 
fees received and that reported 
to the authority in violations of 
Regulations-31 (3) and 23(g) of IRDA 
(Registration of Corporate Agents) 
Regulations,2015. No 
1 crore With respect to maintenance of 
records of customer documentation 
in violations of Regulations-25 (2) 
(ix) and Para-I (4) of Schedule-VII of 
Regulations-25 (1), Regulations-26 
(1) and Regulations-30 (ii) of
IRDAI (Registration of Corporate 
Agents) Regulations, 2015.No
Settlement 1-9 NIL NIL NIL NIL
Compounding 
fee1-9 NIL NIL NIL NIL
Non-Monetary
NGRBC 
PrincipleName of the regulatory/
enforcement agencies/
judicial institutions Brief of the Case Has an appeal 
been preferred? 
(Yes/No) 
Imprisonment NIL NIL NIL NIL
Punishment NIL NIL NIL NIL
3.  Of the instances disclosed in Question 2 above, details of the Appeal/Revision preferred in 
cases where monetary or non-monetary action has been appealed.
Case Details Name of the regulatory/enforcement agencies/judicial institutions
NIL NIL
4.  Does the entity have an anti-corruption or anti-bribery policy? If yes, provide details in brief 
and if available, provide a web-link to the policy.
 Yes.
  BFS group maintains a zero-tolerance policy towards unethical business practices and strictly prohibits 
bribery in any form across all its business dealings through various policies, codes, and charters. 
This commitment to anti-bribery is consistently reiterated in the Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct 
(CoEPC), which is adopted across the Group. All full-time and part-time employees of BFS group 
companies are required to adhere to the principles of integrity and other responsible business conduct 
as outlined in the CoEPC.
  These policies, codes and charters are available on Company’s website ( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.
com/investor-relations-policies-and-codes ). Further material subsidiaries also have some of these 
policies, codes, and charters available on their respective websites.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14018th Annual Report 2024-25
5.  Number of Directors/KMPs/employees/workers against whom disciplinary action was taken 
by any law enforcement agency for the charges of bribery/corruption:
FY2025 FY2024
Directors NIL NIL
KMPs NIL NIL
Employees NIL NIL
Workers NIL NIL
6. Details of complaints regarding conflict of interest:
FY2025 FY2024
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of 
Interest of the DirectorsNIL NIL NIL NIL
Number of complaints received in relation to issues of Conflict of 
Interest of the KMPsNIL NIL NIL NIL
7.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway on issues related to fines/
penalties/action taken by regulators/law enforcement agencies/judicial institutions, on 
cases of corruption and conflicts of interest.
  Not appliable. No corrective actions as no cases of corruption and conflicts of interest during the year 
under review.
8.  Number of days of accounts payables [(Accounts payable *365)/Cost of goods/services 
procured] in the following format:
FY2025 FY2024
Number of days of accounts payables 35 46
9.  Open-ness of business provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading 
houses, dealers, and related parties along-with loans and advances and investments, with 
related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY2025 FY2024
Concentration of 
Purchasesa)Purchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchasesN.A. N.A.
b)Number of trading houses where purchases are 
made fromN.A. N.A.
c)Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of 
total purchases from trading housesN.A. N.A.
Concentration of sales a)Sales to dealers/distributors as % of total sales N.A. N.A.
b)Number of dealers/distributors to whom sales 
are madeN.A. N.A.
c)Sales to top 10 dealers/distributors as % of total 
sales to dealers/distributorsN.A. N.A.
Share of RPTs in a)Purchases (Purchases with related parties/total 
purchases)2.77% 2.89%
b)Sales (Sales to related parties/total sales) 0.11% 0.11%
c)Loans and advances (Loans and advances given 
to related parties/total loans and advances)0.02% 0.02%
d)Investments (Investments in related parties/total 
investments made)0.21% 0.23%P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
141 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Leadership Indicators
1.  Awareness programmes conducted for value chain partners on any of the Principles during 
the financial year:
Total number of awareness 
programmes heldTopics/Principles covered under 
the training%age of value chain partners 
covered (by value of business 
done with such partners) 
under the awareness 
programmes
Please	refer	the	no te	belo w:
BFS group strives to influence its value chain partners to participate in the responsible and sustainable business 
conduct depending upon their means and resources. Material group companies carry out awareness/training 
programmes for its value chain partners (especially agents and other intermediaries), depending on the business 
needs, stakeholder feedback and regulatory requirements covering various topics.
BFS group has conducted an awareness series for the stakeholders through social media channel to create 
awareness on ESG matters and encouraged them to uphold the same, as applicable.
Our insurance subsidiaries provide knowledge-based trainings to their agents which cover various topics such as 
ethics, professional conduct, anti-money laundering, functional and skill upgradation trainings.
During the year BAGIC our non-life insurance subsidiary has conducted a detailed ESG awareness session for all 
the identified strategic value chain partners.
Our commitment with value chain is ensured through legal clauses in our contracts with vendors and service 
providers, which mandates adherence to high standards for human rights, non-discrimination, prohibiting forced/
child labour, and environmental responsibility.
Additionally, our largest subsidiary, BFL (contributing to over 50% of our revenue), has now implemented a 
comprehensive Supplier's Code of Conduct that extends to its value chain partners.
2.  Does the entity have processes in place to avoid/manage conflict of interests involving 
members of the Board? (Yes/No) If yes, provide details of the same.
 Yes.
  BFS and group companies have zero tolerance towards unethical business practices and ensure 
adherence to relevant principles including conflict of interest.
  The Company has a separate Code of Conduct (CoC) for Directors and Senior Management which 
provides that ‘Directors and Senior Management shall observe the highest standards of ethical conduct 
and integrity and shall work to the best of their ability and judgment.’
  This CoC also requires them to not to engage in any material business relationship or activity, that conflicts 
with their duties towards the Company. A declaration affirming this CoC by the Directors and Senior 
Management is taken annually.
  Further a declaration is signed by the Directors during their appointments/reappointments, as 
an undertaking to the Code of Conduct and as disclosure of all possible conflicts of interest and 
related activities.
  The Chairman & Managing Director of Bajaj Finserv Ltd. also declares in the Annual Report annually that all 
the board members and senior managerial personnel have affirmed compliance with the code of conduct.
  In addition to the above, the BFS group CoEPC covers potential areas where conflict of interest may be 
encountered. It also provides specific guidelines on avoiding and dealing with conflicts of interest and the 
requirement to disclose potential conflicts of interest by employees.
  These policies, codes and charters are available on Company’s website ( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.
com/investor-relations-policies-and-codes ).P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14218th Annual Report 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 	2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a manner that is sustainable 
and safe.
Essential Indicators
1.  Percentage of R&D and capital expenditure (capex) investments in specific technologies to improve the 
environmental and social impacts of product and processes to total R&D and capex investments made by 
the entity, respectively.
FY2025 FY2024Details of improvements in  
environmental and social impacts
R&D N.A. N.A.Please refer the below noteCapex N.A. N.A.
  BFS group is engaged in financial services business. A large part of the capital expenditure incurred by the 
BFS group companies involves adoption of systems and processes that leverages Information technology 
and digitalisation.
  Accordingly, investments were made by way of addition to capital assets in the form of IT infrastructure 
like equipment, software and communication networks to give impetus to the Company’s digital initiatives. 
The share of investments in R&D and capex on account of information technology was 67% (63% in 
FY2024) of total addition to fixed assets by the Company.
  Multiple processes have been streamlined to enable the entire business cycle to improve on their customer 
servicing by switching to an online mode from a traditional offline setup. Customer interaction is facilitated 
using technology (Automation linked digitalisation) to reduce paperwork and reduction in operational 
costs that otherwise would have been incurred in physical interactions. Moreover, the Group continues 
to invest in EVs (Electric Vehicles) and rooftop solar plants, EV charging stations with other potential 
solutions aimed at reducing its environmental carbon footprint. On the other hand, it continues to scale up 
environment friendly businesses such as lending for and insuring EV’s, Solar equipment, etc. for enhancing 
the environmental impact.
2. a. Do es the entity have procedures in place for sustainable sourcing? (Yes/No) 
 b. If yes, what percentage of inputs were sourced sustainably?
  N o
    Th e BFS group companies provide financial products and services. As such, they neither have a 
sizeable consumption of any raw material nor produce any tangible goods. Their activities are limited 
to providing financial solutions to serve the needs of the people. However, wherever feasible, the 
group tries to incorporate sustainable sourcing in its operations. It nurtures a culture of conservation 
of resources and encourages innovations that aid in reducing the dependence on natural resources. 
We have initiated programmes of green purchases across the group companies for the consumables 
we procure such as paper (printing paper), cleaning material, etc.
3.  Describe the processes in place to safely reclaim your products for reusing, recycling, and 
disposing at the end of life, for (a) Plastics (including packaging) (b) E-waste (c) Hazardous 
waste and (d) other waste.
 The BFS group does not have any products or services that create hazardous waste.
  Given the nature of our business, BFS group companies have limited scope to use recycled material as 
processed inputs. However, we do use recycled tissue papers at some of the corporate offices.
  BFS group companies disposes e-waste (limited to old laptops, desktops, etc.) through registered vendors 
and have collected certificates of disposal from them. During the year, e-waste of 68.94 metric tonnes has 
been treated in a scientific and eco-friendly manner by certified vendors for safe disposal.
  Additionally, we have initiated tracking our waste oil from DG Sets for our Head Office. 0.25 metric tonnes 
of waste oil have been disposed of with the assistance of a certified recycler as part of our sustainability 
policies and processes.
  Further, as part of continuous effort for waste management and recycling, at our Head Office we have 
initiated an organic waste converter machine which recycled organic waste and produced approximately 
12 metric tonnes of compost.
  The BFS group has taken multiple initiatives for minimising usage of single-use plastic across all our 
businesses. The single-use plastic water bottles, which have been replaced with reusable water jars and 
glasses, across our offices.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
143 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
4.  Whether Extended Producer Responsibility (EPR) is applicable to the entity’s activities 
(Yes/No). If yes, whether the waste collection plan is in line with the Extended Producer 
Responsibility (EPR) plan submitted to Pollution Control Boards? If not, provide steps taken 
to address the same.
 No
  Given the nature of our business, the Extended Producer Responsibility is not applicable to our businesses.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Has the entity conducted Life Cycle Perspective/Assessments (LCA) for any of its products 
(for manufacturing industry) or for its services (for service industry)? If yes, provide details 
in the following format?
NIC CodeName of 
Product/
Service% of total 
Turnover 
contributedBoundary for 
which the Life 
Cycle Perspective/
Assessment was 
conductedWhether conducted 
by independent 
external agency 
(Yes/No)Results 
communicated in 
public domain (Yes/
No) If yes, provide 
the web-link.
Not applicable
Given the nature of the BFS group's business operations, we don't offer any products or services that qualify for 
Life Cycle Perspective or Assessments (LCA).
2.  If there are any significant social or environmental concerns and/or risks arising from 
production or disposal of your products/services, as identified in the Life Cycle Perspective/
Assessments (LCA) or through any other means, briefly describe the same along-with action 
taken to mitigate the same.
Name of Product/
Service Description of the risk/concern Action Taken
Not applicable.
However, no other risks have been identified beyond those in Q.26 of 'section A – General Disclosures' above.
3.  Percentage of recycled or reused input material to total material (by value) used in 
production (for manufacturing industry) or providing services (for service industry).
Indicate input 
materialRecycled or re-used input material to total material
FY2025 FY2024
NIL
4.  Of the products and packaging reclaimed at end of life of products, amount (in metric 
tonnes) reused, recycled, and safely disposed, as per the following format:
FY2025 FY2024
Re-Used RecycledSafely 
DisposedRe-Used RecycledSafely 
Disposed
Plastics (including packaging) Given the nature of the BFS group's business, this is not significant.
E-waste 7.34 53.26 8.34 - 66.58 -
Hazardous waste (DG set waste 
oil)N.A. N.A. 0.25 - 1.17 -
Other waste (battery waste) 19.03 87.57 6.24 - 35.83 -
Other waste (Bio medical waste) N.A. N.A. 0.03 - - -
Other waste (Non-hazardous 
waste) - Dry and wet waste- - 31.1 - - -
5.  Reclaimed products and their packaging materials (as percentage of products sold) for each 
product category.
Indicate product categoryReclaimed products and their packaging materials as %  
of total products sold in respective category
Not applicable. P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14418th Annual Report 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 3:  Businesses should respect and promote the well-being of all employees, including 
those in their value chains.
Essential Indicators
1. a) Det ails of measures for the well-being of employees:
Category% of employees covered by
Total
(A)Health 
insuranceAccident 
insuranceMaternity 
benefitsPaternity
BenefitsDay Care 
facilities*
Number
(B)% 
(B/A)Number
(C)% 
(C/A)Number
(D)% 
(D/A)Number
(E)% 
(E/A)Number
(F)% 
(F/A)
Permanent employees
Male 90,904 90,904 100%90,904 100% 00%90,904 100%90,904 100%
Female 13,764 13,764 100% 13,764 100% 13,764 100% 00%13,764 100%
Total 104,668 104,668 100% 104,668 100% 13,764 13% 90,904 87% 104,668 100%
Other Than permanent employees**
Male 80,374 80,374 100%80,374 100% 00%80,374 100%80,374 100%
Female 30,768 30,768 100% 30,768 100% 30,768 100% 00%30,768 100%
Total 111,142 111,142 100% 111,142 100% 30,768 28% 80,374 72% 111,142 100%
 * Wherever required under regulations, Day care facilities are provided
 ** Being fixed term employees
 b) De tails of measures for the well-being of workers:
Category% of workers covered by
Total
(A)Health 
insuranceAccident 
insuranceMaternity 
benefitsPaternity
BenefitsDay Care 
facilities
Number
(B)% 
(B/A)Number
(C)% 
(C/A)Number
(D)% 
(D/A)Number
(E)% 
(E/A)Number
(F)% 
(F/A)
Permanent Workers
Male N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Female N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Total N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Other Than permanent Workers
Male N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Female N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
Total N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
 c)  Spend ing on measures towards well-being of employees and workers (including 
permanent and other than permanent) in the following format
FY2025 FY2024
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the Company 0.11% 0.11%P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
145 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
2. Details of retirement benefits, for Current Financial Year and Previous Financial Year
Benefits*FY2025 FY2024
No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employeesNo. of
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workersDeducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/
N.A.)No. of 
employees 
covered as 
a % of total 
employeesNo. of
workers 
covered as 
a % of total 
workersDeducted 
and 
deposited 
with the 
authority 
(Y/N/
N.A.)
PF 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
Gratuity 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
ESI 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
NPS 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
Superannuation 100% N.A. Yes 100% N.A. Yes
 * These benefits are provided to all the employees who are eligible and have opted for the said retirement benefits.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
3. Accessibility of workplaces
  Are the premises/offices of the entity accessible to differently abled employees and workers, 
as per the requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016? If not, whether 
any steps are being taken by the entity in this regard:
  As a principle, the Company, through its ‘Employee Charter and Human Rights Statement,’ prohibits 
discrimination against any person with a disability in any matter related to employment as per the Right of 
Person with Disabilities Act, 2016 and the Transgender persons (Protection of Rights) Act 2019.
  The above policy is available on our website ( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-
policies-and-codes )
  Some of the corporate offices of the Group companies have ramps for easy movement and wheelchair- 
accessible restrooms for differently abled people. All new corporate office setups address the 
said requirement.
4.  Does the entity have an equal opportunity policy as per the Rights of Persons with Disabilities 
Act, 2016? If so, provide a web-link to the policy.
  The Company, through its ‘Employee Charter and Human Rights Statement,’ prohibits discrimination 
against any person with a disability in any matter related to employment as per the Right of Person with 
Disabilities Act, 2016, and Transgender persons (Protection of Rights) Act 2019.
  As enshrined in the ‘Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy,’ the Company provides 
remuneration and equal opportunities at the time of recruitment as well as during employment, 
irrespective of age, sex, colour, caste, disability, marital status, ethnic origin, race, religion, sexual 
orientation, disease (viz. HIV/Aids) or any other status of individuals, thereby presenting an opportunity 
to excel and grow best suited to the individual’s suitability and ability to perform the related work.
  The above policies are available on our website ( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-
policies-and-codes ).
  The Company endeavours to ensure a safe and secure work environment, so that employees can deliver 
their best without inhibition. The Company has put in place a robust Grievance Redressal process for 
investigation of employee concerns and has instituted a ‘CoEPC’ that clearly delineates employee 
responsibilities and acceptable employee conduct. Together, these constitute the foundation for 
promoting a diverse and inclusive culture at the workplace.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14618th Annual Report 2024-25
5.  Return to work and Retention rates of permanent employees and workers that took parental 
leave.
GenderPermanent employees Permanent workers
Return to 
work rateRetention 
rateReturn to 
work rateRetention 
rate
Male 98% 86% N.A. N.A.
Female 80% 88% N.A. N.A.
Total 95% 87% N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
6.  Is there a mechanism available to receive and redress grievances for the following categories 
of employees and worker? If yes, give details of the mechanism in brief.
Yes/No (If yes, then give details of the mechanism in brief)
Permanent Workers N.A.
Other than Permanent 
Workers N.A.
Permanent Employees Yes.
The BFS group fosters a fair, open, and transparent culture where employees can 
freely express their views. The Group transparently communicates its policies and 
practices, including company plans, compensation, performance metrics, performance 
pay structures/calculations, career development, and compliance.
BFS group ensures employees can work without fear of prejudice, gender 
discrimination, or harassment, and maintains a zero-tolerance policy for any 
non-compliance with these principles.
A formal grievance mechanism is available for employees to confidentially and 
anonymously report or raise concerns without fear of retaliation. Additionally, the 
‘CoEPC,’ Whistle Blower Policy, ‘Prevention of Sexual Harassment,’ and other policies/
charters detailed in the annexures provide explicit means for consultation on ethical 
issues.
The above policies are available on our website (https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/
investor-relations-policies-and-codes ).
Employees are encouraged to register any grievance they may have against any 
employee, agent, partner, and customer or report any breach of the Code of Conduct 
or any of the Company’s policies at a given email address/internal portal of the 
respective companies. Similarly for grievances pertaining to sexual harassment, 
employees may also write to relevant given email address/internal portal of the 
Company. Any cases falling under the purview of the Whistleblower Policy or Senior 
Management Escalations are handled as per the Whistleblower Policy, which enables 
employees to freely communicate their concerns on illegal or unethical practices to the 
Chair of the Audit Committee.Other than Permanent 
Employees 
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
147 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
7.  Membership of employees and worker in association(s) or Unions recognised by the listed 
entity:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total 
employees/
workers in 
respective 
category 
(A)No. of 
employees/
workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) 
or Union (B)% 
(B/A)Total 
employees/
workers in 
respective
Category 
(C)No. of 
employees/
workers in 
respective 
category, who 
are part of 
association(s) 
or Union (B)% 
(D/C)
Total Permanent 
EmployeesThe Company does not have any employee trade unions and is not a party to any 
collective bargaining agreements, although it allows all employees to exercise their 
lawful right to ‘freedom of association.’Male
Female
Total Permanent 
WorkersN.A.Male
Female
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
8. Details of training given to employees and workers:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total 
(A) On Health 
and safety 
measuresOn Skill 
upgradationTotal
(D)On Health and 
safety measuresOn Skill 
upgradation
No. 
(B)% 
(B/A)No. 
(C)% 
(C/A)No.  
(E)%  
(E/D)No.  
(F)%  
(F/D)
Employees
Male 90,904 64,618 71%84,818 93%80,562 55,039 68%72,578 90%
Female 13,764 5,069 37%12,277 89% 11,517 7,725 67% 10,431 91%
Total 104,668 69,687 67% 97,095 93% 92,079 62,764 68% 83,009 90%
Workers
Male 
N.A. N.A. Female 
Total 
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
  For health and safety, the BFS group trains its employees on safety protocols by conducting periodic 
training sessions on fire safety and evacuation drills. During the year, fire audits and drills were conducted 
as part of safety measures across all offices. Periodic awareness programmes are carried out through 
emails, posters/banners (physical and digital) and other modes of internal communication.
  Additionally, during the year Environment, Health, and Safety manual was implemented at Head Office 
in Pune. ISO Certifications 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 have also been completed for this office.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14818th Annual Report 2024-25
9. Details of performance and career development reviews of employees:
CategoryFY2025* FY2024*
Total (A) No. (B) % (B/A)Total
 (D)No.  
(E)%  
(E/D)
Employees
Male 67,847 67,847 100%
100%Female 7,124 7,124 100%
Total 74,971 74,971 100%
Workers
Male 
N.A. N.A. Female 
Total 
 *Performance appraisal was conducted during the year for all the eligible employees as per policy
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
10. Health and safety management system:
 a)   Wh ether an occupational health and safety management system has been implemented by 
the entity? (Yes/No). If yes, the coverage such system?
   Y e s ,
   Th rough our Environment, Health, and Safety Manual, BFS group is committed to providing a safe 
and healthy workplace to all its employees by minimising the risk of accidents, injury and exposure to 
health risks.
   We h ave implemented EHS Policy across our group companies and have received ISO 14001:2015 
and ISO 45001:2018 certifications for our Head office in Pune. Further, the EHS Management System 
has been implemented in the Head Office and is being implemented in more such own offices across 
India. The EHS manual has been implemented across the country in all offices.
   BF S group also trains its employees on safety protocols by conducting periodic trainings on fire 
safety and evacuation drills. Periodical awareness programmes on health and safety related aspects 
is carried out through emails, posters/banners (physical and digital) and other modes  
of internal communication.
   Ph ysical and mental wellbeing of the employees is at the core of BFS group’s human resource 
practices. Various campaigns and collaterals were released across group companies to spread 
awareness among the employees on the pandemic precautions and safety compliances.
   Th e EHS manual is available on( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-policies-and-
codes).
 b)   Wh at are the processes used to identify work-related hazards and assess risks on a routine 
and non-routine basis by the entity?
   BF S group provides financial services and does not undertake any manufacturing activity and hence, 
the applicability of certain occupational hazards and risk is limited.
   Th e ISO 45001:2018 certification of our head office in Pune, ensures a structured approach to 
identifying work-related hazards, assessing both routine and non-routine risks, and fostering a culture 
of continual improvement in occupational health and safety practices.
   Ad ditionally, BFS group has designed and adopted EHS manuals and procedures to cover environmental 
aspects and health and safety risks that the facility/property can control and directly manage. 
Furthermore, for entities that the Group does not directly control or manage but can reasonably 
be expected to influence, an Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) Manual has been developed 
and shared with EHS leaders and champions. This is intended to promote knowledge sharing and 
raise awareness through effective dissemination. The EHS manual has been implemented across all 
offices nationwide.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
149 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
   Th ere are no product risks but there are those related to the provision of services like ergonomics 
in workplace as well as those associated with the operation of utilities, indoor air quality, lift/elevator 
safety, fire safety procedures, personnel protective equipment, signages, etc.
   Fu rther, our risk assessment also periodically covers incidents that have been noted and immediate 
steps are taken to mitigate the associated risks.
   Du ring the year, no such instances have been noted which necessitated further action. 
The applicable processes have been briefly described in ‘a’ above.
 c)  Wh ether you have processes for workers to Report the work-related hazards and to remove 
themselves from such risks. (Y/N)
   No . Not Applicable. The Company does not have any workers.
 d)   Do t he employees/worker of the entity have access to non-occupational medical and 
healthcare services? (Yes/No)
   Ye s. BFS group has insured its employees under group term insurance, health insurance and 
accidental insurance policies.
11. Details of safety related incidents, in the following format:
Safety Incident/Number Category FY2025 FY 2024
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked) Employees NIL NIL
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees NIL NIL
No. of fatalities Employees NIL NIL
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding 
fatalities) Employees NIL NIL
12. Describe the measures taken by the entity to ensure a safe and healthy workplace:
 Our standard health and safety measures across our offices include:
 a.  Sa fety trainings: Employees are provided comprehensive safety training to educate them 
about potential fire hazards and ensuring use of safety equipment during emergency.  
First-aid trainings sessions are also undertaken to reduce & prevent workplace injuries.
 b.  Pe riodic checks by Infra personnel: Periodic inspections of the workplace are carried out to identify 
and address any safety hazards.
 c.  Sa fety equipment: The premises have appropriate safety equipment and the same are tested 
frequently. These include fire alarm system, portable fire extinguishers, sprinklers, fire hydrants, 
smoke mask, wheelchairs, and staircase evacuation chairs.
 d.  Em ergency plans: Clear procedures including fire drills and evacuation plans have been established 
for responding to emergencies in all large offices.
 e.  Co mpliance with regulation: We ensure compliance with relevant health and safety regulations 
and standards set by regulatory authorities.
 f.  Co mmunication: On an ongoing basis, email communications and advisories are circulated 
to maintain a healthy workplace environment. Especially during periods of heightened illnesses 
in certain geographies
 g.  He alth programmes such as free medical check-ups, wellness sessions, etc. are undertaken 
to promote physical and mental health among employees.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
15018th Annual Report 2024-25
13. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers: 
FY2025 FY2024
Filed 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at the end 
of yearRemarksFiled 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at the end 
of yearRemarks
Working Conditions NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Health and Safety NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
14. Assessments for the year: 
% of your plants and offices that were assessed (by entity or statutory 
authorities or third parties)
Health and safety 
practices No assessment has been done by statutory authorities or third parties, while the 
Companies have been compliance with all applicable laws. BFS group strives to 
maintain a safe, hygienic, and humane workplace environment, upholding the dignity 
of its employees. Across the Group, several offices are periodically assessed internally 
through surveys, audits, visits, and other methods to evaluate various aspects of 
health and safety measures and related working conditions, as highlighted in point 12 
above.
Furthermore, as part of the implementation of the EHS Management System at our 
Head Office in Pune, an external assessment of health and safety practices and 
working conditions was conducted, against which ISO 14001:2015 and ISO 45001:2018 
certifications were achieved. The EHS manual has been implemented across all offices 
nationwide.Working Conditions 
15.  Provide details of any corrective action taken or underway to address safety-related 
incidents (if any) and on significant risks/concerns arising from assessments of health and 
safety practices and working conditions:
  During FY2025, BFS group did not necessitate any significant corrective actions related to above 
parameters. We treat every safety incident with the utmost care, and our process ensures that each 
one involves:
 a. Id entifying the root cause of the incident.
 b. Im plementing measures to mitigate any immediate risks arising from the incident.
 c. Im plementing corrective actions to prevent the recurrence of similar incidents.
 d.  Re viewing and updating safety procedures, protocols, and training to enhance prevention and 
response measures.
Leadership Indicators
1.  Does the entity extend any life insurance or any compensatory package in the event of death 
of (A) Employees (Y/N)? (B) Workers (Y/N).
  Employees: Yes. the Group companies extend various support and compensatory package in the event 
of death of permanent employees. Each company within the Group has its own support programs, some 
of which include full month's pay with recovery waivers, iCare fund release (a pool created to benefit 
employees and their relatives in times of health/death related exigencies), Group Term Life insurance 
assured amounts, Personal accident cover (if applicable i.e. death due to accident) and all retiral benefits 
(such as Gratuity, PF, EDLI, etc.)
  In the event of an employee's death, gratuity is paid regardless of their tenure, calculated from their joining 
date until the age of 60.
  An opportunity of employment is also extended to the spouse or eligible child of the deceased employee.
  Additionally, in case of death, all stock options immediately vest in the employee’s successors, in line with 
the Company’s Employee Stock Option Scheme.
 Workers: N.A.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
151 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
2.  Provide the measures undertaken by the entity to ensure that statutory dues have been 
deducted and deposited by the value chain partners.
  BFS group strives to influence its partners in the value chain to participate in responsible and sustainable 
business conduct. There are multiple measures to ensure that statutory dues have been deducted and 
deposited by them, which include contractual commitments, obtaining evidence of payment, review/audit 
of value chain partners, seeking confirmations of compliance, etc., depending on the nature of product/
services rendered.
3.  Provide the number of employees/workers having suffered high consequence work related 
injury/ill-health/fatalities (as Reported in Q11 of Essential Indicators above), who have been 
rehabilitated and placed in suitable employment or whose family members have been placed 
in suitable employment:
Total no. of affected 
employees/workersNo. of employees/workers 
that are rehabilitated 
and placed in suitable 
employment or whose family 
members have been placed in 
suitable employment
FY2025 FY2024 FY2025 FY2024
Employees NIL NIL NIL NIL
Workers N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A.
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
4.  Does the entity provide transition assistance programmes to facilitate continued 
employability and the management of career endings resulting from retirement or 
termination of employment? (Yes/No)
  Yes. The BFS group invests significant time and resources in the training and development of its 
employees, helping them stay ahead of latest trends and technology. With such trainings, most employees 
are skilled and tend to be employable upon retirement/termination.
  As such, on a case-to-case basis and depending upon technical skillsets of retired employees, the group 
also retains some of its employees as consultants’ post-retirement.
5. Details on assessment of value chain partners: 
% of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that 
were assessed
Health and safety 
practices BFS group expects and influences all its value chain partners to follow extant 
regulations, including health and safety practices and working conditions. These 
requirements are duly incorporated in the contracts with the Value chain partners, 
including compliance to labour laws.
The group through its material subsidiaries undertakes assessments and risk 
evaluations for the value chain partners to the extent applicable. Most large, 
outsourced partners are regulatorily assessed annually.Working Conditions 
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/
concerns arising from assessments of health and safety practices and working conditions of 
value chain partners.
 In absence of any significant risks/concerns, no need for corrective action plan has been necessitated.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
15218th Annual Report 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 4:  Businesses should respect the interests of and be responsive to all its stakeholders.
Essential Indicators
1. Describe the processes for identifying key stakeholder groups of the entity.
  BFS group identifies key stakeholders as individuals or groups who are concerned with, interested in, 
or impacted by the activities of the businesses, and vice versa, both now and in the future.
 Based on this definition, the Group's key stakeholders include:
• Customers
• Employees
• Shareholders and investors
• Government and regulators
• Value chain partners including distributors and suppliers
• The impacted society.
  Recognising the impact of our policies, decisions, products, services, and operations on various 
stakeholders, the BFS group engages with them in accordance with established policies, practices, and 
processes. The BFS group is committed to resolving the differences in a just, fair, equitable, and consistent 
manner, and implementing corrective measures when warranted. Furthermore, the group actively engages 
with relevant stakeholders to continuously enhance sustainable and responsible business practices.
2.  List stakeholder groups identified as key for your entity and the frequency of engagement 
with each stakeholder group.
Stakeholder 
groupWhether identified 
as Vulnerable and 
Marginalised group 
(Yes/No)Channels of 
communicationFrequency of 
engagementPurpose and scope of 
engagement including key topics 
and concerns raised during such 
engagement
Shareholder 
and InvestorNo Multiple channels including: 
• Quarterly investors’ 
presentations and calls 
• Press releases 
• Disclosures on 
stock exchanges 
• Participation in 
investor conferences 
• Investors’ grievance cell 
• Social Media 
• Website
• Emails/letters, etc.Frequent and 
need basedTo inform about the performance, 
major developments/initiatives and 
other relevant updates regarding 
the Company’s future plans. 
Customer* Yes, for some parts 
of our customer 
segmentsMultiple channels including: 
• Customer 
satisfaction surveys 
• Customer feedback 
• Regular interaction 
with customers 
• Customer helpline 
• Customer grievance cell 
• Social Media channels
• Newspapers 
• Email/SMS
• Website/App
• Through our value 
chain partners.Frequent and 
need basedTo provide servicing throughout 
the lifecycle of the customer and 
address queries/grievances raised 
by the customers.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
153 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Stakeholder 
groupWhether identified 
as Vulnerable and 
Marginalised group 
(Yes/No)Channels of 
communicationFrequency of 
engagementPurpose and scope of 
engagement including key topics 
and concerns raised during such 
engagement
Government 
and RegulatorsNo Multiple channels including:
• Regulatory filings 
• Compliance Statements 
• Meetings, audits 
• Letters 
• E-mailsPeriodic and 
need basedTo provide recommendations or 
feedback on draft policies and 
make representations on various 
subjects before the regulators and 
associations for advancement and 
improvement of financial services 
industry in India.
To provide appropriate response to 
queries raised and seek necessary 
approvals.
Value chain 
PartnerNo Multiple channels including: 
• In-person meetings
• Emails 
• Performance 
discussions/reviews 
• Trainings/
awareness programmes 
• Policies and processes 
• Audits
• Periodical meets/
conferencesFrequent and 
need basedTo enhance the access and 
understanding of relevant financial 
products and services of the 
Company and the Group.
To provide update on ESG 
initiatives and disclosures.
Employees No Multiple channels:
physical and digital including 
regular surveysDaily To create a thriving, safe 
and inclusive workplace for 
its employees and provide 
merit-based opportunities for 
professional development and 
growth.
To inform employees on key 
developments within the Company. 
To involve employees in decision 
making and aligning them to the 
shared purpose of the Company’s 
business strategy determined 
through the process of Annual 
Operating Plan (AOP) and Long-
Range Strategy (LRS).
Society Yes Multiple channels including:
• Media and 
Press Releases 
• Annual Reports
• CSR initiativesFrequent and 
need basedTo promote social welfare activities 
for inclusive growth, fair and 
equitable development, and 
well-being of society through our 
business functioning.
To educate them about the 
offerings of the  Company 
especially in areas where we 
work towards financial upliftment 
through:
• Health and Life protection
• Loans and Insurance to MSMEs
• MFI lending and protection
• Enhancing protection and lending 
in rural parts of the country
• Participating in government 
schemes for financial upliftment 
such as PM-JAY (Health), 
PMSBY (accident and disability), 
PMJJBY (life insurance), PMFBY 
(Crop insurance).
 *Communication through material subsidiaries.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
15418th Annual Report 2024-25
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide the processes for consultation between stakeholders and the Board on economic, 
environmental, and social topics or if consultation is delegated, how is feedback from such 
consultations provided to the Board.
  BFS group ensures transparent communication and access to relevant information about their decisions 
that impact relevant stakeholders, to the extent considered necessary and permitted by regulations. 
This is done while keeping in mind the need to protect confidential competitive plans and information.
  Stakeholder engagement is an ongoing process integrated into the Group’s business activities. 
The Board of Directors is regularly updated on key developments arising from these engagements 
and provides strategic guidance and input on related matters.
  Through various committees, both the Board and Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) receive regular 
updates on stakeholder feedback, enabling informed decision-making and alignment with stakeholder 
expectations. These include, but are not limited to:
• The Risk Management Committee of the Board
• The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board
• The Board approved ESG Committee
• The Stakeholder relationship Committee for our listed companies
• The Policyholders protection Committee for our insurance subsidiaries
• The Board Nominations and Remunerations Committee
  The engagement is driven by the responsible business functions, with senior executives also participating 
based on the need of the engagement.
  Similarly, in the area of Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR), our teams engage regularly at the 
grassroots level to promote sustainable outcomes that address societal needs and contribute to 
inclusive development.
2.  Whether stakeholder consultation is used to support the identification and management 
of environmental, and social topics (Yes/No). If so, provide details of instances as to how 
the inputs received from stakeholders on these topics were incorporated into policies and 
activities of the entity. 
  Yes. Continuous engagement with stakeholders helps in aligning expectations, thereby enabling 
the Group to better serve its stakeholders. Company personnel interact with various stakeholders  
to understand the evolution and relevance of ESG topics, their impact, and expectations from the Group. 
Based on such interactions, the Group has, enhanced it’s reporting on business responsibility and have 
started certain new initiatives over the last few years. The Group acknowledges that ESG is a continually 
evolving domain and places significant value on ongoing stakeholder dialogue as part of its learning and 
adaptation process.
3.  Provide details of instances of engagement with, and actions taken to, address the concerns 
of vulnerable/marginalised stakeholder groups.
  In FY2024, Bajaj group companies came together to commit I 5,000 crore over five years towards social 
impact programs, with the goal of impacting over 2 crore individuals. This commitment is currently driving 
a wide range of ongoing initiatives, primarily focused on youth skilling for employment, income generation, 
and entrepreneurship. Efforts are also actively expanding to child specific programmes in education, 
health, and protection, along with inclusion for persons with disabilities.
  BFS group companies through their CSR policies have taken up various initiatives and activities for 
the benefit of different segments of the society, with focus on the marginalised, poor, needy, deprived, 
under-privileged and differently abled persons. Refer the CSR section in our Annual Report to understand 
our efforts towards the same.
  These concerns are also addressed by integrating our day-to-day business of lending and protection with 
certain social outcomes such has enhanced savings, protection, access to loans, etc. few examples of 
business integration with the objective of social upliftment include:
• Health and Life protection products being sold by the Company across the strata of the society
• Loans and Insurance to MSMEs
• MFI lending and protection
• Enhancing protection and lending in rural parts of the country
• Participating in government schemes for financial upliftment such as PM-JAY (Health), PMSBY 
(accident and disability), PMJJBY (life insurance), PMFBY (Crop insurance).P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
155 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
PRINCIPLE 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights.
Essential Indicators
1.  Employees and workers who have been provided training on human rights issues and 
policy(ies) of the entity, in the following format:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total
(A)No. of 
employees/
workers 
covered 
(B)% (B/A)Total
(C)No. of 
employees/
workers 
covered (D)% (D/C)
Employees
Permanent 104,668 92,259 88% 92,079 90,005 98%
Other than Permanent 111,142 NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Workers
PermanentN.A. N.A.Other than Permanent
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
  Note: Our commitment to employee's rights is articulated in the Employee Charter – Human Rights 
Statement of each respective company. This document outlines both the rights employees can expect 
from the Company (Employee Rights) and the responsibilities and conduct expected of them in the 
course of their duties (Employee Responsibilities). It also lays down the principles of equal opportunity 
and  non-discrimination, anti-corruption and bribery, prohibition of forced and child labour, transparency, 
safe healthful and harassment-free workplace, amongst others. BFS group companies use various 
mediums to create awareness of ESG initiatives (including human rights) for its employees through use 
of social media as well as internal communication channels such as information on the Company Intranet, 
HR bulletins, Video Snippets, etc.
  The above policy is available on our website ( https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-
policies-and-codes ).
  We don't directly train non-permanent employees on our company's human rights policies. Instead, 
we ensure human rights compliance through our contracts with Outsourcing Service Providers. 
These contracts explicitly require Service Providers to warrant they will, at all times, respect human 
rights and avoid abuses (e.g. discrimination, child/forced labor) for all personnel involved in their services. 
This ensures human rights standards are upheld where non-permanent staff operate.  
Additionally our contractual obligation staff outsourcing providers ensures that all personnel involved 
in performing services under the agreement comply with applicable laws and any guidelines, policies, 
or codes prescribed by us.
2. Details of minimum wages paid to employees and workers, in the following format:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total
(A)Equal to
Minimum WageMore than
Minimum WageTotal
(D)Equal to
Minimum WageMore than
Minimum Wage
No. 
(B)% 
(B/A)No. 
(C)% 
(C/A)No.  
(E)% 
(E/D)No. (F)% 
(F/D)
Permanent 
Employees
Male 90,904 00%90,904 100% 80,562 1470.20% 80,415 99.80%
Female 13,764 00%13,764 100% 11,517 60.10% 11,511 99.90%
Other than 
Permanent 
Employees
Male 80,374 20,886 26%59,488 74%27,935 7852.80% 27,150 97.20%
Female 30,768 1,736 6%29,032 94%18,986 318 1.70% 18,668 98.30%P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
15618th Annual Report 2024-25
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total
(A)Equal to
Minimum WageMore than
Minimum WageTotal
(D)Equal to
Minimum WageMore than
Minimum Wage
No. 
(B)% 
(B/A)No. 
(C)% 
(C/A)No.  
(E)% 
(E/D)No. (F)% 
(F/D)
Permanent 
workers
Male N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
Female N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
Other than 
Permanent 
workers
Male N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
Female N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A N.A
 N.A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
3. Details of remuneration/salary/wages
 a) Me dian remuneration/wages:
Male Female
Number Median 
remuneration/
salary/wages 
of respective 
categoryNumber Median 
remuneration/
salary/wages 
of respective 
category
Board of Directors (BoD)* 7 0.40 1 0.64
Key Managerial Personnel 
(including CMD)3 7.17 1 0.63
Employees other than BoD and 
KMP104,743 0.66 16,113 0.51
Workers N.A. N.A. N.A. N.A. 
  * Al l the non- executive directors are entitled to the same sitting fees and commissions. Difference in remuneration arise 
because of the number of meetings attended as per their membership of different committees.
  N o t e s :
   1.   As o n 31 March 2025, there were six male directors. However, during the period one of the directors has retired. 
The number and remuneration have been considered, including the retired director.    
  2.   Th e Chairman and Managing Director of the Company falls under two categories i.e., KMP and Board. His remuneration 
is considered under the KMP category.   
  3.   Du ring the year, there was change in CFO. One CFO served until 31 January 2025, and the incumbent was appointed 
effective from 1 February 2025. Accordingly, the number and remuneration has been provided for three KMPs.
  4.   Si nce we have one female Key Managerial Personnel (KMP) and one female Director, we've reported their individual 
salaries for the specified period. A median calculation is not applicable in such cases.
  N. A. - Bajaj Finserv group does not have any workers across its locations.
 b) Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages paid by the entity, in the following format:
FY2025 FY2024
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 10.10% 9.10%
4.  Do you have a focal point (Individual/Committee) responsible for addressing human rights 
impacts or issues caused or contributed to by the business? (Yes/No)
  Yes. The Head of HR at each respective entity is responsible for overseeing and addressing any issues 
arising from actual or potential human rights impacts caused or contributed to by the business.
5.  Describe the internal mechanisms in place to redress grievances related to human rights 
issues?
  While the BFS group aims to prevent situations that lead to employee grievances, it has a well-defined 
grievance redressal mechanism to address such instances effectively. A formal grievance redressal 
mechanism is accessible to all employees, enabling them to report or raise concerns confidentially and P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
157 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
anonymously, without fear of retaliation. Employees may submit their concerns on the designated email 
addresses or directly to the designated ethics officer. In case involving the senior management, grievances 
can be escalated to the Audit Committee chair.
  The Group considers respect for human rights a fundamental core value and is committed to 
support, protect, and promote these rights to ensure fair and ethical business and employment 
practices. We believe that every workplace should be free from violence, harassment, intimidation, 
and any other unsafe or disruptive conditions - whether arising from external or internal sources. 
Accordingly, the BFS group strives to provide reasonable safeguards for employees at the workplace,  
while respecting their privacy and dignity.
  The Group maintains zero tolerance towards all forms of slavery, coerced labour, child labour, human 
trafficking, violence, or physical, sexual, psychological, or verbal abuse. As a matter of policy, BFS group 
does not employ or engage with any individual, agent or vendor against their free will.
  Each company within the Group has a Designated Ethics Officer responsible for addressing entity specific 
concerns. Employees are expected to promptly report any violations of this Code to their manager or the 
appropriate Ethics Officer.
  To address human rights concerns, the Group has several policies in place, including the Whistleblower 
Policy, Prevention of Sexual Harassment, Code of Ethics and personal conduct, Charters for Fair 
and Responsible Workplace, Disciplinary actions and grievance redressal policy and the Employee charter 
and Human rights statements.
  All these documents are accessible on our website: https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-
relations-policies-and-codes .
6. Number of Complaints on the following made by employees and workers:
FY2025 FY2024
Filed 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at the end 
of yearRemarksFiled 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at the end 
of yearRemarks
Sexual 
Harassment 48 10The pending 
cases as on 
31 March 
2025 will be 
subsequently 
resolved as 
per respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time. 38 5The pending 
cases as on 31 
March 2024 
have been 
subsequently 
resolved as 
per respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time. 
Discrimination at 
workplace NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Child Labour NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Forced Labour/
Involuntary Labour NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Wages NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL
Other human 
rights related 
issues NIL NIL NIL NIL NIL NILP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
15818th Annual Report 2024-25
7.  Complaints filed under the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace (Prevention, 
Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013, in the following format:
FY2025 FY2024
Total Complaints Reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at 
Workplace (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)48 38
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees/workers 0.37% 0.31%
Complaints on POSH upheld 28 21
8.  Mechanisms to prevent adverse consequences to the complainant in discrimination and 
harassment cases?
  A formal grievance mechanism is available to all employees to report or raise their concerns confidentially 
and anonymously, without fear of retaliation. There is a mechanism to consult on ethical issues through 
the explicit means provided by the Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct (CoEPC), employee charter, 
disciplinary action committee reviews, Whistleblower, and vigil mechanism policies.
 The Company ensures:
 a. Co ncerns can be expressed or reported without any fear of retaliation.
 b. Co nfidentiality of the identity of involved parties.
 c. Pr ivacy during review meetings.
 d.  Op tion to complainant to change the current location of posting and/or availment of leave during the 
period of investigation.
  The BFS group strictly prohibits retaliation against any employee who, in good faith, reports suspected or 
potential violations of the Company’s Code of Ethics and Professional Conduct (CoEPC), including issues 
related to discrimination and harassment. It is the responsibility of every employee to report any known 
or suspected CoEPC violations. At BFS group, raising a concern honestly and in good faith—even if it is 
ultimately unfounded—will never be grounds for retaliation.
  BFS Ethics Officers are committed to ensuring that all CoEPC investigations are conducted fairly, 
confidentially, and without adverse consequences for employees who report concerns in good faith. 
Additionally, BFS prohibits retaliation against individuals who use any of the Company’s complaint 
reporting mechanisms in good faith, or who file, testify, assist, or participate in investigations conducted 
by government enforcement agencies.
  The policies/codes referred to are all accessible on our website:
 https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-policies-and-codes
9.  Do human rights requirements form part of your business agreements and contracts?  
(Yes/No)
  Yes. The Company has included ESG specific clauses which covers the general human rights parameters in 
the business agreements and vendor contracts.
10. Assessments for the year
% of your plants and offices that were assessed  
(by entity or statutory authorities or third parties)
Child labour 
The Group follows all the relevant laws as applicable, and  
offices are normally visited by authorities for routine checks.Forced/involuntary labour 
Sexual harassment 
Discrimination at 
workplace 
Wages 
Others–please specify
11.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/
concerns arising from the assessments at Question 10 above.?
  No corrective actions pertaining to Question 9 was necessitated by the Group during the year 
under review.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
159 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Leadership Indicators
1.  Details of a business process being modified/introduced as a result of addressing human 
rights grievances/complaints.
  There have been no significant human rights grievances/complaints warranting modification/introduction 
of business processes.
2.  Details of the scope and coverage of any Human right’s due diligence conducted.
  Not Applicable. However, Internal audit covers the Human Resources related processes including 
grievance management process.
3.  Is the premise/office of the entity accessible to differently abled visitors, as per the 
requirements of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016?
  As a principle, the Company, through its Employee Charter and Human Rights Statement prohibits 
discrimination against any person with disability in any employment-related matters in accordance with 
the Right of Person with Disabilities Act, 2016 and Transgender persons (Protection of Rights) Act 2019.
  The Group recognises the needs of differently abled persons, and several corporate offices of the Group 
companies are equipped with ramps for ease of movement and wheelchair-accessible restrooms to 
support accessibility and inclusion.
 The policies/codes referred to are all accessible on our website:
 https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-policies-and-codes
4. Details on assessment of value chain partners
% of value chain partners  
(by value of business done with such partners) that were assessed
Sexual Harassment 
Refer note belowDiscrimination at 
workplace 
Child Labour 
Forced Labour/
Involuntary Labour 
Wages 
Others – please specify 
  Note: BFS group expects all its value chain partners to follow extant regulations, including health and 
safety practices and working conditions.
  The Group through its material subsidiaries undertakes assessments and risk evaluations for the value 
chain partners to the extent applicable.
5.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway to address significant risks/
concerns arising from the assessments at Question 4 above. 
  No corrective actions pertaining to Question 4 was necessitated by the Group during the year 
under review.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16018th Annual Report 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 6:  Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect and restore the environment.
Essential Indicators
1.  Details of total energy consumption (in Joules or multiples) and energy intensity, in the 
following format: 
ParameterUnit of 
measurementFY2025 FY2024
From Renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (A) Gigajoules 1,170 2,566
Total fuel consumption (B) Gigajoules - -
Energy consumption through other sources (C) Gigajoules - -
Total energy consumption from renewable sources (A+B+C) Gigajoules 1,170 2,566
From non - renewable sources
Total electricity consumption (D) Gigajoules 243,154 212,465
Total fuel consumption (E) Gigajoules 85,870 55,402
Energy consumption through other sources (F) Gigajoules - -
Total energy consumption from non-renewable sources 
(D+E+F)Gigajoules 329,024 267,867
Total energy consumed (A+B+C+D+E+F) Gigajoules 330,194 270,423
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total energy 
consumed/Revenue from operations)Per crore of 
Consolidated Total 
Revenue from 
Operations2.43 2.45
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for 
Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total energy consumed/
Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)Per crore of 
Consolidated 
Total Revenue 
from Operations 
adjusted for PPP50.29 54.87
Energy intensity in terms of physical output N.A. N.A.
Energy intensity (optional)-the relevant metric may be 
selected by the entityN.A. N.A.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency. 
 Yes. SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
2.  Does the entity have any sites/facilities identified as designated consumers (DCs) under the 
Performance, Achieve and Trade (PAT) Scheme of the Government of India? (Y/N) If yes, 
disclose whether targets set under the PAT scheme have been achieved. In case targets have 
not been achieved, provide the remedial action taken, if any. 
 Not ApplicableP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
161 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
3. Provide details of the following disclosures related to water.
Parameter FY2025 FY2024
Water withdrawal by source (in kilolitres) 
(i) Surface water - -
(ii) Groundwater - -
(iii) Third party water - -
(iv) Seawater/desalinated Water - -
(v) Others - -
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i+ii+iii+iv+v) - -
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) *#1,127,409 870,931
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Total water consumption/turnover) 8.42 7.89
Water intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total water consumption/Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)174.05 176.74
Water intensity in terms of physical output N.A. N.A.
Water intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity N.A. N.A.
*  The water consumption is based on the Central Ground Water Authority (CGWA) estimated for water consumption which determines 
the water availability is at 45 litres per head per working day for offices.
# The intensity is based on average workforce in permanent employees and working days.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes. SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
4. Provide the following details related to water discharged*
Parameter FY2025 FY2024
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres) 
(i) To Surface water - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii) To Groundwater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii) To Seawater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third parties - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) - -
 * Given the nature of business operations of the BFS group, water discharge is not being monitored and therefore not reported
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 No
5.  Has the entity implemented a mechanism for Zero Liquid Discharge? If yes, provide details of 
its coverage and implementation.
 Given the nature of its business, this is not applicable.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16218th Annual Report 2024-25
6.  Please provide details of air emissions (other than GHG emissions) by the entity, in the 
following format:
Parameter Please specify unit FY2025 FY2024
Nox
Not ApplicableSox
Particulate matter (PM)
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Others-Please specify 
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 No
7.  Provide details of greenhouse gas emissions (Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions) and its 
intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY2025 FY2024
Total Scope 1 emissions 
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, 
SF6, NF3, if available) Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 8,966 6,057
Total	Scope	2	emissions 	
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, 
SF6, NF3, if available) Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 49,491 42,089
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity per 
rupee of turnover (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions/turnover)Per crore of 
Consolidated Total 
Revenue from 
operations0.44 0.44
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity per 
rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power 
Parity (PPP) (Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG 
emissions/Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)Per crore rupee of 
turnover adjusted 
Purchasing Power 
Parity9.02 9.77
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity in terms 
of physical output- N.A. N.A.
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
(optional)- the relevant metric may be selected by the 
entity - N.A. N.A.
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes. SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
8.  Does the entity have any project related to reducing Green House Gas emission? If yes, then 
provide details.
  The Company’s core operation only includes running 138 windmills in Maharashtra, with an installed 
capacity of 65.2 MW, generating over 84 million units of electricity annually, which is more than the 
electricity consumed by the BFS group. The Group is a net generator of renewable power.
  The Group has undertaken various projects on environmental sustainability, such as ecological restoration, 
waste management and clean energy projects.
 Key projects include:
• The Company has installed rooftop solar plants with an installed capacity of 757 KW generated 
0.32 million units in FY2025.
• The Group also has planted more than 0.2 million trees during the year.
• The Group has also undertaken a decarbonisation study during the year using an external consultant 
and has planned for undertaking projects towards decarbonisation during the coming year.
• Basis the above the Company plans to be Carbon Neutral in Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions by FY2032.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
163 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
9. Provide details related to waste management by the entity, in the following format:
ParameterFY2025 
(in metric 
tonnes)FY2024 
(in metric 
tonnes)
Total waste generated (in metric tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) - -
E-waste (B) 68.94 66.58
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.03 0.01
Construction and demolition waste (D) - -
Battery waste (E) 112.84 35.83
Radioactive waste (F) - -
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any (G) DG Set Oil 0.25 1.17
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). (Dry and wet waste) 31.10
Total (A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H) 213.16 103.59
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover (Total waste generated/Revenue from 
operations)0.0016 -
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total waste generated/Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP0.03 0.02
Waste intensity in terms of physical output N.A. N.A.
Waste intensity (optional) – the relevant metric may be selected by the entity N.A. N.A.
For each category of waste generated, total waste recovered through 
recycling-using or other recovery operations (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Recycled 140.83 103.58
(ii) Re-used 26.37 -
(iii) other recovery operations 45.93 -
Total 213.13 103.58
For each category of waste generated, total waste disposed by nature of 
disposal method (in metric tonnes)
Category of waste
(i) Incinera tion 0.03 -
(ii) Landfilling - -
(iii) Other disposal oper ations - -
Total 0.03 -
  Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes, SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
10.  Briefly describe the waste management practices adopted in your establishments. Describe 
the strategy adopted by your company to reduce usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals in 
your products and processes and the practices adopted to manage such wastes.
Given the nature of the business, there is no usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals within 
BFS group companies.
However, the group has a robust process in place for handling all types of waste generated. 
The waste is handed over to authorised agencies in compliance with various national and local waste 
management regulations.
11.  If the entity has operations/offices in/around ecologically sensitive areas (such as national 
parks, wildlife sanctuaries, biosphere reserves, wetlands, biodiversity hotspots, forests, 
coastal regulation zones etc.) where environmental approvals/clearances are required, 
please specify details in the following format:
Sr. 
No.Location of 
operations/offices Type of operationsWhether the conditions of environmental approval/
clearance are being complied with? (Y/N) If no, the 
reasons thereof and corrective action taken, if any
NoP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16418th Annual Report 2024-25
12.  Details of environmental impact assessments of projects undertaken by the entity based on 
applicable laws, in the current financial year:
Name and brief 
details of projectEIA notification 
No. DateWhether conducted 
by independent 
external agency 
(Yes/No)Results 
communicated in 
public domain  
(Yes/No)Relevant 
Web link
Not Applicable
13.  Is the entity compliant with the applicable environmental law/regulations/guidelines in India, 
such as the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, Air (Prevention and Control of 
Pollution) Act, Environment protection act and rules thereunder (Y/N). If not, provide details 
of all such non-compliances, in the following format:
S. 
No.Specify the law/regulation/
guidelines which was not 
complied withProvide details 
of the non-
complianceAny fines/penalties/action 
taken by regulatory agencies 
such as pollution control 
Boards or by courtsCorrective action 
taken if any
Based on the nature of business, the Group is following applicable environmental norms as per the required 
guidelines in India for necessary compliance.
Leadership Indicators
1. Water withdrawal, consumption, and discharge in areas of water stress (in kilolitres):
 For each facility/plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information:
 (i) Na me of the area
 (ii) Na ture of operations
 (iii) Wa ter withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY2025 FY2024
Water	withdra wal	b y	sour ce	(in	kilolitr es)	
(i) Surface water - -
(ii) Groundwater - -
(iii) Third party water - -
(iv) Seawater/desalinated Water - -
(v) Others - -
Total volume of water withdrawal (in kilolitres) (i+ii+iii+iv+v) - -
Total volume of water consumption (in kilolitres) - -
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed/turnover) - -
Water intensity (optional)-the relevant metric may be selected by the entity - -
Water discharge by destination and level of treatment (in kilolitres) - -
(i) Into Surface water - -
 - No treatment - - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii) Into Groundwater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii) Into Seawater - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third parties - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others - -
 - No treatment - -
 - With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Total water discharged (in kilolitres) - -
  Note: Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 NoP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
165 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
2. Please provide details of total Scope 3 emissions and its intensity, in the following format:
Parameter Unit FY2025 FY2024
Total	Scope	3	emissions 	
(Break-up of the GHG into 
CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available) Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 35,338 28,753
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover Per crore of Consolidated 
Total Income0.26 0.26
Total Scope 3 emission intensity (optional) – the 
relevant metric may be selected by the entityN.A. N.A.
  Indicate if any independent assessment/evaluation/assurance has been carried out by an external 
agency? (Y/N) If yes, name of the external agency.
 Yes, SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
3.  With respect to the ecologically sensitive areas Reported at Question 10 of Essential 
Indicators above, provide details of significant direct and indirect impact of the entity on 
biodiversity in such areas along-with prevention and remediation activities.
 Not Applicable
4.  If the entity has undertaken any specific initiatives or used innovative technology or 
solutions to improve resource efficiency, or reduce impact due to emissions/effluent 
discharge/waste generated, please provide details of the same as well as outcome of such 
initiatives, as per the following format:
Sr. 
No.Initiative 
undertakenDetails of the initiative (Web-link, if any, 
may be provided along-with summary) Outcome of the initiative
1Setup of organic 
waste composter 
at BFS HOAn organic waste converter is being used 
to process organic waste collected from the 
premises as part of waste to wealth initiative. 
This process results in nutrient nutrient-
rich compost, providing a circular and self-
sufficient solution.Our facility generated approximately 12 
metric tonnes of nutrient-rich compost 
for FY2025. The compost is used in 
gardening area of Bajaj Finserv Head 
Office premise, promoting sustainable 
practices for available green spaces 
around the building.
2Digitisation initiates 
across BFS group 
business functionsSome of our material subsidiaries within the 
BFS group have focused on digitising their 
business functions and the customer service 
lifecycle such as E-agreements and OTP-
based agreements, Prioritising digital KYC 
enabled by Aadhaar and video KYC, accepting 
digital invoice copies from vendors, shifting 
from issuance of physical purchase orders to 
electronic purchase orders.Through various such initiatives, 
BFS group in the last two 
years, reduced consumption by 
approximately 4,975 million sheets of 
paper, saving approximately 5.9 lakh 
trees.
3Setup of rooftop 
solar panelsBFS group material entities (BFL, BAGIC and 
BALIC) have steadfastly setup rooftop solar 
panels across its selected branches generating 
clean energy. As on FY2025, the group companies 
have generated 0.32 million units with 
installed capacity of 757 KW. 
4E-waste 
managementThe BFS group has emplaned pollution 
control Board registered vendors for disposing 
the E-waste and battery waste. In FY2025, 181.78 tonnes of E-waste 
and battery waste was safely disposed 
by BFS group. 
5Set up of rainwater 
harvesting facilityAn active rainwater harvesting facility has been 
set up at BFS head office to store and reuse 
the water for the facility management and 
green spaces of the office. Throughout the season, the collected 
water was reused in maintaining green 
spaces on the office premises.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16618th Annual Report 2024-25
5. Does the entity have a business continuity and disaster management plan?
  Yes. All material subsidiaries have a Business Continuity Plan (BCP) that is compliant with applicable 
regulatory requirements. The BCP includes Disaster Recovery procedures to quickly recover from an 
emergency. It envisages disruptive events, their probability, and their impact on business operations, 
which are assessed through business impact analysis to counter threats and challenges pertaining to 
information security, cyber security, and fraud. This is aimed at eliminating or minimising any potential 
disruption to critical business operations.
 All material group companies are compliant with the following:
• ISO 27001:2013 Information Security Management System
• ISO 22301:2012 Business Continuity Management System
  Additionally, annual BCP drills are conducted to ensure effectiveness of the BCP considering the current 
nature of business processes, infrastructure, personnel, and other relevant factors.
6.  Disclose any significant adverse impact to the environment, arising from the value chain 
of the entity. What mitigation or adaptation measures have been taken by the entity in this 
regard.
 Given the nature of the business, there has been no significant adverse impact to the environment.
7.  Percentage of value chain partners (by value of business done with such partners) that were 
assessed for environmental impacts.
  Currently, we do not assess environmental impacts of our value chain partners. However, we encourage 
our value-chain partners to proactively align their business operations to environmental best-practices.
8. How many Green Credits have been generated or procured:
 a. By t he listed entity - NIL
 b.  By t he top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners- 
Not assessed.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
167 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
PRINCIPLE 7:  Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and regulatory policy, should do so 
in a manner that is responsible and transparent
Essential Indicators
1. a. Number of affiliations with trade and industry chambers/associations.
 b.  Li st the top 10 trade and industry chambers/associations (determined based on the total members 
of such body) the entity is a member of/affiliated to.
Sr. 
No.Name of the trade and industry chambers 
associations Company NameReach of trade and 
industry chambers/
associations
(State/National)
1Confederation of Indian Industry BFS, BAGIC, BALIC International
2World Economic Forum BFS International
3General Insurance Council BAGIC National
4Indo German Chamber of Commerce International
5Council for Insurance Ombudsmen BAGIC, BALIC National
6Insurance Information Bureau of India BALIC National
7Life Insurance Council BALIC National
8Internet and Mobile Association of India BFSD National
2.  Provide details of corrective action taken or underway on any issues related to 
anticompetitive conduct by the entity, based on adverse orders from regulatory authorities.
Name of authority Brief of the case Corrective action taken
No corrective action was necessitated by the Group during the year under review
Leadership Indicators
1. Details of public policy positions advocated by the entity:
Sr. NoPublic policy 
advocatedMethod 
resorted for 
such advocacyWhether 
information 
available in public 
domain? (Yes/No)Frequency of Review 
by Board (Annually/
Half yearly/Quarterly/
Others – please 
specify)Web Link, if 
available
Please refer the note below
  BFS group, as a market leader in financial services maintains regular engagement with the Government 
agencies and regulators and is committed to providing timely and accurate information, suggestions, 
recommendations, feedback on draft policies, etc., as, and when required. It keenly participates in putting 
forward views on setting new industry standards or regulatory developments pertaining to the financial 
services industry. While making recommendations, in line with our policy, we attempt to balance the 
interest of various stakeholders. The senior executives across the BFS group engage with RBI, SEBI, IRDAI 
and other regulators on a periodic basis or as per the requirement. This enables us to understand our areas 
of focus and concerns.
  BFS is a member of the World Economic Forum and Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), through which 
it actively engages in policy advocacy. BFS and its subsidiaries are members of various trade and industry 
chambers, associations, councils, and such other collective platforms (‘forums’). We proactively contribute 
to the discussions and resolutions within the scope of these forums. Majority of the senior executives are 
regularly engaged in public policy advocacy on a routine basis through several committees/forums of 
IRDAI, CII, SEBI, RBI.
 Senior executives across BFS group hold regulatory and advocacy positions such as –
 BFS:
  Mr. Sanjiv Bajaj, the Chairman & Managing Director of Bajaj Finserv Ltd., holds several prestigious positions 
such as memberships of the International 	Advisory 	Council 	of	the	Brookings 	Institute, 	USA,	and the 
J.P.	Morgan 	Asia	Pacific	Council . Furthermore, he chairs the CII	Committees 	for	Internal 	Finance, 	
Corporate 	Governance, 	and	Economic 	Affairs.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16818th Annual Report 2024-25
  Mr. S Sreenivasan, the President – Insurance and Special projects, was a member of the SEBI’s	Industry  
Standards 	Forum	(ISF)	on SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations.
  Mr. Ramandeep Singh Sahni, the Chief Financial Officer, was a member of the SEBI’s	Industry 	Standards 	
Forum	(ISF)	on minimum information to be provided for review of the Audit Committee and the 
shareholders for approval of Related Party Transactions.
 BALIC:
 	Insurance 	Information 	Bureau	of	India: As a Governing Council member of the Insurance Information 
Bureau of India (IIB), Mr. Tarun Chugh, the MD, and CEO of BALIC, actively helps shape the IIB's strategy. 
His participation reflects a strong commitment to building a secure and robust insurance ecosystem 
through collaborative efforts focused on fraud prevention, data-driven decisions, and enhanced value for 
customers and the industry.
		Risk	B ased	C apital	C alibration 	( IRDAI):	Avdhesh Gupta, Appointed Actuary, was a key member of 
the Working Group constituted by IRDAI for Risk Based Capital calibration. His responsibilities included 
calibrating critical parameters such as lapses, mortality, and longevity, ensuring the derivation of Indian 
industry-specific factors for RBC computation. This directly influenced the accuracy and relevance of the 
capital adequacy framework for insurers in India.
		Ind	A S 	1 17	I mplementation 	( Institute 	o f	A ctuaries 	o f	I ndia): Avdhesh Gupta also contributed his 
expertise as a member of the Working Group for Ind AS 117 by the Institute of Actuaries of India. His role 
involved advising the Institute on technical and academic developments related to Ind AS 117, contributing 
to the creation of Actuarial Practice Standards and guidance notes, and addressing matters concerning 
the actuarial profession's application of Ind AS 117 to Indian insurers. This participation is vital in ensuring 
a smooth and effective transition to the new accounting standards within the insurance sector.
		Investment 	R egulatory 	F ramework 	( IRDAI): Mr. Farid, Chief Risk Officer, served as a member of the 
Investment Consultative Committee formed by IRDAI for a period of two years starting in February 2023. 
The committee’s objective was to continuously monitor financial markets, review investment regulations 
in the insurance sector, and advise IRDAI on economic and financial market developments, as well as risk 
management. Mr. Farid’s contributions were instrumental in providing critical inputs on the introduction 
of Equity Derivatives and amendments to the existing Investment Regulations, alongside offering valuable 
perspectives on fixed income instruments and alternative investment funds. This active involvement 
directly shaped the regulatory framework governing investments for insurance companies.
 BAGIC:
		General 	In surance 	Co uncil:	Dr. Tapan Singhel, MD and CEO, as Chairman of the General Insurance 
Council, led the Indian Insurance Sector towards a revolutionary transition, transforming the Council 
into an open, transparent, and influential industry powerhouse. This shift ensured the GI Council's 
indispensable involvement in all industry projects and initiatives, with formal recognition from IRDAI.
		Tax	L aw 	A dvocacy:  BAGIC through the CFO forum aggressively advocated for changes in tax laws, 
successfully representing taxation issues before the Government and Tax authorities. This resulted 
in significant tax reliefs at an industry level, including exemptions from GST for retrocession and 
reinsurance commissions.
		Bima	Sugam :	Dr. Tapan Singhel as one of the first Directors of Bima Sugam, played an instrumental role 
in the development and launch of Bima Sugam, an exclusive marketplace for insurance. His contributions 
included advising on recruitment and guiding the project's transformative journey.
		Bima	V istaar	a nd	B ima	V ahak:	BAGIC actively participated in the development of Bima Vistaar and Bima 
Vahak, initiatives aimed at increasing insurance penetration in rural areas. The contribution was through 
Dr. Tapan Singhel’s membership in the Information Technology Committee.
		'Insurance 	f or	A ll'	V ision	M eet: BAGIC collaborated with IIM Kozhikode to convene an industry-level 
event, bringing together key stakeholders to address ground-level issues and develop practical solutions 
for achieving 'Insurance for All' by 2047.
		Health	In surance 	Ini tiatives:  BAGIC spearheaded initiatives to benefit policyholders, including the 
Common Empanelment Project and efforts to standardise medical treatment costs.
		Self-Regulatory 	Or ganisation 	(S RO): The GI Council, under Dr. Tapan Singhel's guidance, was formally 
recognised as an SRO, granting it important responsibilities and powers in regulating the insurance sector.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
169 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
		Uninsured 	Mo tor	Ve hicles: BAGIC actively represented the issue of uninsured vehicles, leading to 
enhanced penalties for driving without mandatory third-party insurance.
		PFRDA	Con tributions: 	Dr. Tapan Singhel as a member of PFRDA, played a key role in reviewing and 
enhancing PFRDA regulations, focusing on cost reduction and ease of doing business.
		Insurance 	Ad visory	Com mittee: Dr. Tapan Singhel as a member of the Insurance Advisory Committee, 
represented the interests of the general insurance industry, influencing the approval and introduction of 
notable regulations.
		CII	N ational 	C ommittee 	o n	I nsurance 	a nd	P ensions:  As Chairman, Dr. Tapan Singhel ensured ongoing 
focus on critical areas of the insurance sector, resulting in a detailed Report on 'Insurance for All.'
		Indian	I nstitute 	o f	I nsurance 	a nd	R isk	M anagement 	( IIRM): Dr. Tapan Singhel as a Board 
member of IIRM, influenced policy decisions to expand insurance awareness through new courses and 
professional qualifications.
		IFSCA	a nd	N iti	A ayog	C ommittees:  Dr. Tapan Singhel was inducted into committees working on 
benchmarking regulations and designing health insurance products for underserved populations.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
17018th Annual Report 2024-25
PRINCIPLE 8:  Businesses should promote inclusive growth and equitable development
Essential Indicators
1.  Details of Social Impact Assessments (SIA) of projects undertaken by the entity based on 
applicable laws, in the current financial year.
Name and 
brief details 
of projectSIA 
notification 
No.Date of 
notificationWhether conducted 
by independent 
external agency  
(Yes/No)Results 
communicated in 
public domain  
(Yes/No)Relevant Web 
link
During the year there were no projects which required Social Impact Assessment as per applicable laws.
2.  Provide information on project(s) for which ongoing Rehabilitation and Resettlement (R&R) 
is being undertaken by your entity, in the following format.
Sr. 
NoName of Project for 
which R&R is ongoing State DistrictNo. of Project 
Affected Families 
(PAFs)% of PAFs 
covered by  
R&RAmounts paid to 
PAFs in the FY 
(In INR)
Not applicable
3. Describe the mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of the community.
  Local community can share their concerns at bfscommunity.grievance@bajajfinserv.in . All submissions 
received through this email are reviewed and handled by the relevant departments in compliance with 
applicable laws and regulations.
4. Percentage of input material (inputs to total inputs by value) sourced from suppliers:
FY2025 FY2024
Directly sourced from MSMEs/small producers  6% 8.43%
Directly from within India  96% N.A.
5.  Job creation in smaller towns – Disclose wages paid to persons employed (including 
employees or workers employed on a permanent or non-permanent/on contract basis) in the 
following locations, as % of total wage cost.
Location FY2025 FY2024
Rural 0.22% 1.60%
Semi-urban 1.18% 7.70%
Urban 18.53% 24.40%
Metropolitan 80.07% 66.40%
Leadership Indicators
1.  Provide details of actions taken to mitigate any negative social impacts identified in the 
Social Impact Assessments (Reference: Question 1 of Essential Indicators above):
Details of negative social impact identified Corrective action taken
Not ApplicableP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
171 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
2.  Provide the following information on CSR projects undertaken by your entity in designated 
aspirational districts as identified by government bodies.
Sr. 
No. State Aspirational DistrictAmount spent 
(In INR)
1Maharashtra Nandurbar 11,737,726
2Maharashtra Gadchiroli 25,170,516
3Odisha Gajapati 3,259,461
4Odisha Dhenkanal 1,668,069
5Chhattisgarh Bastar 1,506,905
6Maharashtra Osmanabad 4,385,684
7Maharashtra Washim 579,390
8Assam Udalguri 11,673,144
9Kerala Wayanad 20,000,000
10Jammu and Kashmir Baramula 4,709,922
11Rajasthan Baran 3,290,364
12Assam Dhubri 4,390,382
13Chhattisgarh Mahasamund 3,214,468
14Madhya Pradesh Vidisha 3,322,636
15Rajasthan Dhaulpur 899,902
16Rajasthan Jaisalmer 928,421
17Rajasthan Karauli 870,874
18Andhra Pradesh Visakhapatnam 1,760,000
19Rajasthan Sirohi 116,540
20Jharkhand Ranchi 1,876,000
21Bihar Gaya 2,995,288
Total 108,355,692
3. (a)  Do you have a preferential procurement policy where you give preference to purchase from suppliers 
comprising marginalised/vulnerable groups? (Yes/No) 
 (b) Fro m which marginalised/vulnerable groups do you procure? 
 (c) Wh at percentage of total procurement (by value) does it constitute?
 Not applicable
4.  Details of the benefits derived and shared from the intellectual properties owned or acquired 
by your entity (in the current financial year), based on traditional knowledge. 
Sr. NoIntellectual Property based on 
traditional knowledgeOwned/Acquired  
(Yes/No)Benefit shared  
(Yes/No)Basis of calculating 
benefit share
Not Applicable
5.  Details of corrective actions taken or underway, based on any adverse order in intellectual 
property related disputes wherein usage of traditional knowledge is involved.
Name of authority Brief of the Case Corrective action taken
No corrective actions pertaining to above mentioned parameters was necessitated by  
BFS group during the year under review P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
17218th Annual Report 2024-25
6. Details of beneficiaries of CSR Projects:
Sr. 
No. CSR ProjectNo. of persons 
benefitted from CSR 
Projects% of beneficiaries 
from vulnerable and 
marginalised groups
1Child - Education 2,586,370
100%2Child - Health 60,120
3Child - Physical and Intellectual Disabilities 561,960
4Child - Prevention of Mortality 435,050
5Child – Protection 70,896
6Others – Advocacy 6,210
7Others – Education 260
8Others – Environment 1,000
9Others - Mental Health 16,800
10Others - PWD 35,284
11Youth - Livelihood initiatives 102,249
12Youth - PWD – Skilling 22,341
13Youth - Skilling for employment 167,887
14Youth - Skilling for enterprise/Self-employment 435,00
Total 4,109,927P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
173 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
PRINCIPLE 9:  Businesses should engage with and provide value to their consumers in a 
responsible manner
Essential Indicators
1.  Describe the mechanisms in place to receive and respond to consumer complaints and 
feedback.
  Timely and appropriate customer grievance redressal is imperative. In fact, we aim to reduce grievances 
by learning from our experiences through root cause analysis. The Group’s dealings with its customers are 
professional, fair, and transparent. BFS group has a robust customer/policy holders services governance 
framework and same are enumerated under the section of Customer centricity.
2.  Turnover of products and/services as a percentage of turnover from all products/service 
that carry information
As a percentage to total turnover
Environmental and social parameters 
relevant to the product Transparency and fairness in dealings with customers is followed across 
the Group. None of the products withhold any relevant information 
needed by the customers to make informed decisions.Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe disposals
3. Number of consumer complaints in respect of the following:
FY2025 FY2024
Received 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at end of 
yearRemarksReceived 
during the 
yearPending 
resolution 
at end of 
yearRemarks
Data Privacy
NIL NIL None NIL NIL NoneAdvertising
Cyber- security
Restrictive Trade 
practices
Unfair Trade 
practices
Others 12,985 7The pending 
cases as on 
31 March 
2025 will be 
subsequently 
resolved as 
per respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time. 12,547 16The pending 
cases as on 31 
March 2024 
have been 
subsequently 
resolved as 
per respective 
Company’s 
policy and 
the defined 
turnaround 
time. 
4. Details of instances of product recalls on account of safety issues
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recallsNot ApplicableForced recalls
5.  Does the entity have a framework/policy on cyber security and risks related to data privacy? 
(Yes/No) If available, provide a web-link of the policy.
  Yes, each of the material subsidiaries in the Group have adopted an information security framework 
to establish, implement, monitor, and constantly improve its information security posture. 
We focus on privacy of customer information and data security.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
17418th Annual Report 2024-25
  The material subsidiaries of the Company are compliant with ISO 27001:2013 Information Security 
Management System. They also comply with the applicable regulatory framework and guidelines 
(viz. RBI’s Master Direction – Information Technology Framework for the NBFC Sector, IRDAI’s Guidelines 
on Information and Cyber Security for Insurers, etc.). In case of material subsidiaries, IT Security related 
projects and operations are reviewed by a committee, under oversight of Board of respective companies. 
These committees meet at least on a half-yearly frequency. Dedicated teams manage cyber security 
programme and operations for digital initiatives. For more details refer Information security, cyber security, 
and fraud controls of the ESG Report or the Risk Framework as details in the Annual Reports under section 
of Other Disclosures for Bajaj Finserv Ltd. and the material companies.
6.  Provide details of any corrective actions taken or underway on issues relating to 
advertising and delivery of essential services; cyber security and data privacy of customers; 
re-occurrence of instances of product recalls; penalty/action taken by regulatory authorities 
on safety of products/services.
 No penalties/regulatory action has been levied or taken on the above-mentioned parameters.
7. Provide the following information relating to data breaches:
 a. Nu mber of instances of data breaches - Nil
 b. Pe rcentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers – Nil
 c. Im pact, if any, of the data breaches – Not applicable
Leadership Indicators
1.  Channels/platforms where information on products and services of the entity can be 
accessed (provide web link, if available).
  BFS group companies envisage to be an Omnipresent financial services provider company that enabling its 
existing and new customer to engage, transact and be serviced online to offline and vice versa.
  Information relating to various financial services provided by the BFS group is available on the respective 
Company’s website, Apps, etc.
  In addition, the Group companies actively use various social media and digital platforms to disseminate 
information on its products suite. Website navigation to the other companies is available from Bajaj Finserv 
Homepage (Link: Bajaj Finserv: Loans, Cards, Insurance, Investments, Payments and more )
2.  Steps taken to inform and educate consumers about safe and responsible usage of products 
and/or services.
  As a responsible corporate citizen, it is imperative to not just do business with customers, but also 
educate them and make them more aware of what could be good or bad for them, frauds, addressing their 
questions on financial products, etc. Each group company has a mechanism to inform customers on usage 
of products offered. Continuous and contextual communication across the customer lifecycle through 
press releases, yearly customer engagements, company website and blogs, social media campaigns, 
use of video content, on-ground activities, participation in insurance awareness programmes, Product 
awareness Campaigns, webinars, feature based audio-visual content for ease of understanding, etc. have 
helped us educate and create awareness amongst our customers and society at large.
  Our group companies regularly conduct contextual customer awareness campaigns through social media, 
notifications on mobile apps, e-mails, WhatsApp, and SMS which may be event based, say during natural 
calamities, geographical widespread illness, branch closure, etc. The Insurance Companies issue a Key 
Feature Document/Customer Information Sheet to every customer.
3.  Mechanisms in place to inform consumers of any risk of disruption/discontinuation of 
essential services.
  Tech-led seamless customer experiences are the hallmark of our businesses. Each business is unique in 
its approach to enhancing customer experience, but they share core objectives: simplifying processes, 
ensuring ease of use, and providing quick, appropriate responses. The importance of information security, 
cyber security, and fraud controls is paramount in this technological age. Robust controls in these areas 
are integral to our IT framework, preventing disruptions and protecting customer data.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
175 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
  In compliance with IRDAI regulations, our insurance subsidiaries provide a two month advance notice 
in newspapers and online before re-allocating or closing a branch office. All material subsidiaries have 
business continuity strategies and frameworks that meet regulatory requirements. These plans anticipate 
disruptive events, assess their probability and impact through business impact analysis, and are regularly 
evaluated to address information security, cyber security, and fraud threats. Customer communication is 
an integral part of this process.
 The BFS group's material companies comply with:
• ISO 22301:2012 Business Continuity Management System
• ISO 27001:2013 Information Security Management System
4.  Does the entity display product information on the product over and above what is mandated 
as per local laws? (Yes/No/Not Applicable) If yes, provide details in brief. Did your entity 
carry out any survey with regard to consumer satisfaction relating to the major products/
services of the entity, significant locations of operation of the entity or the entity as a whole? 
(Yes/No)
  Yes, Transparency and fairness in dealings with customers is followed across the BFS group. None of the 
products withhold any relevant information needed by the customers to make informed decisions. The 
BFS group companies through their charters and policies, communicate the customer rights, company 
commitments, grievance redressal mechanism and ombudsman scheme, as applicable. This emphasises 
our commitment to fair practices by maintaining transparency in products and services offered.
  Yes. The material subsidiaries carry out various surveys on regular basis for continuous listening to 
customers and driving continuous transformation to provide them a frictionless experience.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
17618th Annual Report 2024-25
The Board of Directors,
Bajaj	Finserv 	Ltd.
6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune-Ahmednagar Road,
Viman Nagar, Pune – 411014
Nature of the Assurance
SGS India Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as ‘SGS India’) was engaged by Bajaj Finserv Ltd. (the ‘Company’ 
or ‘BFS) to conduct an independent assurance of the Company’s Business Responsibility and Sustainability 
Reporting (BRSR) (the ‘Report’) pertaining to the reporting period of 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. SGS India 
has conducted a Reasonable level of Assurance for BRSR core parameters and a Limited level of assurance 
for the remaining BRSR parameters, including essential and leadership indicators and all disclosures made 
thereunder. This assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with 'International Standard on 
Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) and ISAE 3410.
Reporting Framework
The Report has been prepared following the
1.  BRSR Core–Framework for assurance and ESG disclosures for value chain (SEBI vide Circular No.SEBI/HO/
CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122) dated 12 July 2023.
2.  BRSR reporting guidelines (Annexure II) as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 
dated 10 May 2021, and incorporated Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 
11 July 2023 and as amended time to time.
3. Greenhouse Gas Protocol standard
4.  Industry Standards on Reporting of BRSR Core (SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177) dated 
20 December 2024
Intended Users of this Assurance Statement
This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all Bajaj Finserv Ltd’s Stakeholders.
Responsibilities
The information in the report and its presentation are the responsibility of the management of the Company. 
SGS India has not been involved in the preparation of any of the material included in the report.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, and statements within the defined scope of 
assurance, aiming to inform the management of the Company, and in alignment with the agreed terms of 
reference. We do not accept or assume any responsibility beyond this specific scope. The Statement shall not 
be used for interpreting the overall performance of the Company, except for the aspects explicitly mentioned 
within the scope.
Assurance Standard
SGS has conducted a Reasonable level of Assurance w.r.t BRSR core parameters under 9 ESG Attributes and 
a Limited level of assurance for the remaining BRSR parameters, including essential and leadership indicators. 
This engagement was performed in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagement 
(ISAE) 3000(revised) and ISAE 3410 (Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical 
Financial Information). Our evidence-gathering procedures were designed to obtain a ‘Reasonable’ level of 
assurance, which is a high level of assurance in accordance with ISAE 3000(revised) standard but is not 
absolute certainty. It involves obtaining sufficient appropriate evidence to support the conclusion that the 
information presented in the report is fairly stated and is free from material misstatements.
Statement of Independence and Competence
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and assurance, operating in more 
than 140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, Independent Assurance Statement
Independent Assurance Statement to Bajaj Finserv Ltd. on its BRSR Report for the FY 2024-25
177 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report 
assurance. SGS affirm our independence from Bajaj Finserv Ltd., being free from bias and conflicts of interest 
with the organisation, its subsidiaries, and stakeholders.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this 
assignment, and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, 
QMS, EMS, SMS, GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Validation Lead Auditors and experience on the 
SRA Assurance.
Scope of Assurance
The assurance process involved assessing the quality, accuracy, and reliability of BRSR Indicators (KPIs) 
within the report for the period 1 April 2024, to 31 March 2025. The reporting scope and boundaries include 
Bajaj Finserv Ltd., 10 subsidiaries and 2 joint venture offices spread across the different states of India.
1. Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC)
2. Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd. (BAGIC)
3. Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL)
4. Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd. (BFSD)
5. Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd. (BHFL)
6. Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd. (Bfinsec)
7. Bajaj Finserv Ventures Limited (BFSV)
8. Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd. (BFS AMC)
9. Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd. (Bajaj Finserv Health)
10. Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd. (VIDAL)
11. Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd. (BAFDL) - JV
12. Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd. (BASSL) - JV
Assurance Methodology
The assurance comprised a combination of desktop review, interaction with the key personnel engaged in 
the process of developing the report, on-site visits, and remote verification of data. Specifically, SGS India 
undertook the following activities:
• Assessment of the suitability of the applicable criteria in terms of its comprehensiveness, reliability, 
and accuracy.
• Interaction with key personnel responsible for collecting, consolidating, and calculating the BRSR core KPIs, 
BRSR non-core indicators and assessing the internal control mechanisms in place to ensure data quality.
• Application of analytical procedures and verification of documents on a sample basis for the compilation and 
reporting of the KPIs.
• Assessing the aggregation process of data at the Head Office level.
• Critical review of the report regarding the plausibility and consistency of qualitative and quantitative 
information related to the KPIs.
Limitations
The assurance scope excludes:
• Disclosures other than those mentioned in the assurance scope.
• Data review outside the operational sites as mentioned in the reporting boundary.
• Validation of any data and information other than those presented in 'Findings and Conclusion.'
• The assurance engagement considers an uncertainty of ±5% based on the materiality threshold for 
Assumption/estimation/measurement errors and omissions.
• The Company’s statements that describe the expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim to 
future intention provided by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights and other 
competitive issues.
• Strategy and other related linkages expressed in the Report.
• Mapping of the Report with reporting frameworks other than those mentioned in the Reporting 
Criteria above.
17818th Annual Report 2024-25
SGS India verified data on a sample basis; the responsibility for the authenticity of the data entirely lies with the 
Company. The assurance scope excluded forward-looking statements, product- or service-related information, 
external information sources and expert opinions. SGS India has not been involved in the evaluation or 
assessment of any financial data/performance of the Company. Our opinion on financial indicators is based 
on the third-party audited financial reports of the Company. SGS India does not take any responsibility for the 
financial data reported in the audited financial reports of the Company.
Findings and Conclusions
BRSR Core Indicators:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, we are satisfied that the 
information presented by the Company in its report, on the Core Indicators (Annexure A) is complete, accurate, 
reliable, has been fairly stated in all material respects, and is prepared in line with the BRSR requirements.
BRSR Non-Core Indicators:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the data reported (as per the table below) in the BRSR report are not 
prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
The list of BRSR Indicators that were verified within this assurance engagement is given below:
PrinciplesLimited Reasonable
Essential 
IndicatorsLeadership 
IndicatorsCore
Indicators
Section A General Disclosures
Section B Management and process 
disclosures
Section C
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern themselves 
with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, Transparent and 
Accountable.1,2,3,4,5,6,7 1, 2 8,9
Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services in a 
manner that is sustainable and safe.1,2,3,4 1,2,3,4,5 -
Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the well-being 
of all employees, including those in their value chains.1(a) (b),2,3,4,5,6,7, 
8,9,10, 12,13,14,151,2,3,4,6 1(C),11
Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and be 
responsive to all its stakeholders.1,2 1,2,3 -
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human rights. 1,2,3 (a), 
4,5,6,8,9,10,111,2,3,4,5 3 (b),7
Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to protect 
and restore the environment.2,5,6,8,10,11,12,13 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 1,3,4,7,9
Principle 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public and 
regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is responsible and 
transparent.1 (a), (b),2 1 -
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth and 
equitable development.1,2,3 1,2,3,4,5,6 4,5
Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide value to 
their consumers in a responsible manner1,2,3,4,5,6 1,2,3,4 7
For and on behalf of SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
Ashwini 	K.	Ma vinkurve
Technical reviewer
Head – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India
Pune, India
13 June,2025Abhijit	M.	Joshi
Lead Verifier – ESG & Sustainability Services, 
SGS India
Pune, India
Team Members: Blessy	Sen
179 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Sr. 
No. Attribute Parameter Unit of MeasuresVerified 
Value
1Green-house gas 
(GHG) footprint 
Greenhouse gas 
emissions may 
be measured in 
accordance with 
the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and 
Reporting Standard*Total Scope 1 emissions MT of CO2e 8,966.20
Total Scope 2 emissions MT of CO2e 49,490.80
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
intensity per rupee of turnover (Total 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/
turnover)Per crore of Consolidated Total 
Revenue from operations0.44
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted 
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions/
Revenue from operations adjusted for 
PPP)Per crore rupee of turnover 
adjusted Purchasing Power 
Parity9.02
2Water footprint Total water consumption KL 11,27,408.81
Water consumption intensityKL/Revenue from operations 
in I crore8.42
KL/Revenue from operations in 
I crore adjusted for PPP174.05
Water Discharge by destination and 
levels of TreatmentKL NR
3Energy footprint Total energy consumed Giga Joules (GJ) 3,30,194.27
% of energy consumed from renewable 
sourcesIn % terms 0.35%
Energy intensityGJ/Revenue from operations 
in I crore2.43
GJ/Revenue from operations 
in I crore adjusted for PPP50.29
4Embracing circularity 
- details related to 
waste management 
by the entityPlastic waste (A) MT NR
E-waste (B) MT 68.94
Bio-medical waste (C) MT 0.032
Construction and demolition waste (D) MT N.A.
Battery waste (E) MT 112.84
Radioactive waste (F) MT N.A.
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, 
if any. (G)MT 0.25
Other Non-hazardous waste generated 
(H). Please specify, if any.MT 31.1
Total waste generated  
(A+B + C + D + E + F + G + H)MT 213.16
Waste intensityMT/Revenue from operations 
in I crore0.0016
MT/Revenue from operations 
in I crore adjusted for PPP0.03
Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
(i) Recycled MT 140.83
(ii) Re-used MT 26.37
(iii) other recovery operations MT 45.93
Total MT 213.13
Total waste disposed by nature of disposal method
(i) Incineration MT 0.032
(ii) Landfilling MT -
Total MT 0.032Annexure A
18018th Annual Report 2024-25
Sr. 
No. Attribute Parameter Unit of MeasuresVerified 
Value
5Enhancing Employee 
Wellbeing and SafetySpending on measures towards well- 
being of employees and workers – cost 
incurred as a % of total revenue of the 
CompanyIn % terms 0.11%
Details of safety related incidents for 
employees and workers (including 
contract-workforce e.g. workers in the 
Company's construction sites)1.  Number of Permanent 
DisabilitiesNIL
2.  Lost Time Injury Frequency 
Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked)NIL
3. No. of fatalities NIL
6Enabling Gender 
Diversity in BusinessGross wages paid to females as % of 
wages paidIn % terms 10.10%
Complaints on POSH Total Complaints on Sexual 
Harassment (POSH) reported48
Complaints on POSH as a % of 
female employees/workers0.37%
Complaints on POSH upheld 28
7Enabling Inclusive 
DevelopmentInput material sourced from following 
sources as % of total purchases –
Directly sourced from MSMEs/small 
producersIn % terms – As % of total 
purchases by value6%
Input material sourced from following 
sources as % of total purchases – within 
IndiaIn % terms – As % of total 
purchases by value96%
Job creation in smaller towns – Wages 
paid to persons employed in smaller 
towns (permanent or non-permanent/
on contract) as % of total wage costRural 0.22%
Semi-urban 1.18%
Urban 18.53%
Metropolitan 80.07%
8Fairness in Engaging 
with Customers and 
SuppliersInstances involving loss/breach of data 
of customers as a percentage of total 
data breaches or cyber security eventsIn % terms 0
Number of days of accounts payable (Accounts payable *365)/Cost 
of goods/services procured35
9Open-ness of 
businessConcentration of purchases & sales 
done with trading houses, dealers, and 
related parties Loans and advances & 
investments with related partiesPurchases from trading houses 
as % of total purchasesN.A.
Number of trading houses 
where purchases are made 
fromN.A.
Purchases from top 10 trading 
houses as % of total purchases 
from trading houses.N.A.
Sales to dealers/distributors as 
% of total salesN.A.
Number of dealers/distributors 
to whom sales are madeN.A.
Sales to top 10 dealers/
distributors as % of total sales 
to dealers/distributorsN.A.
Share of RPTs (as respective %age) in -
Purchases 2.77%
Sales 0.11%
Loans & advances 0.02%
Investments 0.21%
N.A.: Not Applicable and NR:  Not Reported
181 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Bajaj	Finserv 	Ltd.
6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune-Ahmednagar Road,
Viman Nagar, Pune – 411014
SGS India Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as SGS India) was contracted by Bajaj Finserv Ltd (the ‘Company’ 
or ‘BFS) to conduct an independent assurance of its annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory for Scope-1, 
Scope-2 and Scope 3 pertaining to the reporting period of 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. The Company 
has developed its GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard and ISO 14064-1 standard. SGS India has conducted a Reasonable level of Assurance for Scope-1 
& Scope-2 and a Limited level of assurance for Scope-3 data. This assurance engagement was conducted in 
accordance with the 'International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410'.
SGS India verified the following parameters given in the Table below:
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Data
LocationsActual emission (tCo2e)
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC) 1,466.84 6,830.87 7,360.97
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd. (BAGIC) 431.24 5,217.68 5,114.23
Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL) 5,884.13 32,320.76 18,770.45
Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd. (BFSD) 468.25 388.89 517.43
Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd. (BHFL) 205.83 2,160.11 1,406.85
Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd. (Bfinsec) 79.16 1,002.22 274.74
Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd. (VIDAL) 104.20 997.34 1,049.50
Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd. (BFS AMC) 133.79 162.49 381.41
Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd. (Bajaj Finserv Health) 157.18 320.40 303.84
Bajaj Finserv Ltd. (standalone) 35.56 90.03 158.14
Bajaj Finserv Ventures Ltd. (BFSV) - - -
Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd. (BAFDL) - JV - - -
Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd. (BASSL) - JV - - -
Total 8,966.20 49,490.80 35,337.57GHG Assurance Statement
18218th Annual Report 2024-25
The Board of Directors,
Bajaj	Finserv 	Ltd.
6th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune-Ahmednagar Road,
Viman Nagar, Pune – 411014
Nature of the Assurance
SGS India Pvt. Ltd. (hereinafter referred to as SGS India) was contracted by Bajaj Finserv Ltd.(the ‘Company’ 
or ‘BFS) to conduct an independent assurance of its annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory for Scope-1, 
Scope-2 and Scope 3 pertaining to the reporting period of 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025. The Company 
has developed its GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and Reporting 
Standard and ISO 14064-1 standard. SGS India has conducted a Reasonable level of Assurance for Scope-1 
& Scope-2 and a Limited level of assurance for Scope-3 data. This assurance engagement was conducted in 
accordance with the 'International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410'.
Responsibilities
The information in the report and its presentation are the responsibility of the management of the Company. 
SGS India has not been involved in the preparation of any of the material included in the report.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, calculation, and statements within the defined 
scope of verification, aiming to inform the Management of the Company, and in alignment with the agreed terms 
of reference. We do not accept or assume any responsibility beyond this specific purpose, and it is not intended 
for use in interpreting the overall performance of the Company, except for the aspects explicitly mentioned 
within the scope. The Company holds the responsibility for preparing and ensuring the fair representation of the 
verification scope.
Assurance Standard
SGS India has conducted Reasonable level Assurance for Scope 1 & Scope 2 and Limited level assurance for 
Scope 3 data. This engagement was performed in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagement (ISAE) 3410. Our evidence-gathering procedures were designed to obtain a ‘Reasonable level of 
assurance’ which involves the underlying assumption that the control environment and controls are reliable.
Statement of Independence and Competence
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and assurance, operating in more 
than 140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report 
assurance. SGS affirm our independence from Bajaj Finserv Ltd., being free from bias and conflicts of interest 
with the organisation, its subsidiaries, and stakeholders.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this 
assignment, and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, 
QMS, EMS, SMS, GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Validation Lead Auditors and experience on the 
SRA Assurance.
Scope of Assurance
The assurance exercise included the evaluation of quality, accuracy, and reliability of the GHG Inventory on 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 data for the period 1 April 2024 to 31 March 2025.The reporting scope and 
boundaries include Bajaj Finserv Ltd., 10 subsidiaries and 2 joint venture offices spread across the different 
states of India. and this is aligned with the GHG inventory consolidation approach.
1. Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC)
2. Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd. (BAGIC)
3. Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL)
4. Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd. (BFSD)Independent Assurance Statement
Independent Assurance Statement to Bajaj Finserv Ltd. on its GHG Inventory for FY2025
183 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
5. Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd. (BHFL)
6. Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd. (Bfinsec)
7. Bajaj Finserv Ventures Ltd. (BFSV)
8. Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd. (BFS AMC)
9. Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd. (Bajaj Finserv Health)
10. Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.(VIDAL)
11. Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd. (BAFDL) - JV
12. Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd. (BASSL) - JV
Assurance Methodology
The assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, interaction with the key personnel 
engaged in the process of developing the Company’s GHG inventory, on-site visits, and remote desk review & 
verification of data. Specifically, SGS India executed the following activities:
• Interaction with key personnel from the head office and selected branch locations to understand and review 
the current processes in place for developing the Company’s GHG inventory.
• Assessment of internal control mechanism to ensure the reliability and accuracy of emission data.
• Review of the data management system used for collection and consolidation of emission data.
• Review of consistency of data/information within the GHG inventory and between the inventory and source.
• Evaluation of the appropriateness of the quantification methods used to arrive at the Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 emissions with respect to the specific requirements of the GHG Protocol
• Assurance of emission data on a sample basis, including conversion factors and emissions factors.
Limitations
The assurance scope excludes:
• Disclosures other than those mentioned in the assurance scope.
• Data review outside the operational sites as mentioned in the reporting boundary.
• Validation of any data and information other than those presented in 'Findings and Conclusion.'
• The assurance engagement considers an uncertainty of ±5% based on materiality threshold for Assumption/
estimation/measurement errors and omissions.
• The Company’s statements that describe the expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim to 
future intention provided by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights and other 
competitive issues.
• Strategy and other related linkages expressed in the Report.
• Mapping of the Report with reporting frameworks other than those mentioned in Reporting Criteria above.
SGS India verified data on a sample basis; the responsibility for the authenticity of data entirely lies with the 
Company The assurance scope excluded forward-looking statements, product- or service-related information, 
external information sources and expert opinions.
Findings and Conclusions
Scope 1 and Scope 2 inventory:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, we are satisfied that the 
information presented by the Company in its report is complete, accurate, reliable, has been fairly stated in all 
material respects, and is prepared in line with the reporting criteria.
18418th Annual Report 2024-25
Scope 3 inventory:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the information presented by the Company in its report is not prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
SGS India verified the following parameters given in the Table below:
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 Data
LocationsActual emission (tCO2)
Scope 1 Scope 2 Scope 3
Bajaj Allianz Life Insurance Company Ltd. (BALIC) 1,466.84 6,830.87 7,360.97
Bajaj Allianz General Insurance Company Ltd. (BAGIC) 431.24 5,217.68 5,114.23
Bajaj Finance Ltd. (BFL) 5,884.13 32,320.76 18,770.45
Bajaj Finserv Direct Ltd. (BFSD) 468.25 388.89 517.43
Bajaj Housing Finance Ltd. (BHFL) 205.83 2,160.11 1,406.85
Bajaj Financial Securities Ltd. (Bfinsec) 79.16 1,002.22 274.74
Vidal Healthcare Services Pvt. Ltd.(VIDAL) 104.20 997.34 1,049.50
Bajaj Finserv Asset Management Ltd. (BFS AMC) 133.79 162.49 381.41
Bajaj Finserv Health Ltd. (Bajaj Finserv Health) 157.18 320.40 303.84
Bajaj Finserv Ltd. (standalone) 35.56 90.03 158.14
Bajaj Finserv Ventures Ltd. (BFSV) - - -
Bajaj Allianz Financial Distributor Ltd. (BAFDL) - JV - - -
Bajaj Allianz Staffing Solutions Ltd. (BASSL) - JV - - -
Total 8,966.20 49,490.80 35,337.57
Scope 3 Data
Categories of Scope 3Actual emission 
(tCO2)
Category 1: Purchased goods and services 3,583.92
Category 3: Fuel & Energy Related Activities not included in Scope 1 or Scope 2 8,642.18
Category 5: Waste generation in Operations 1.17
Category 6: Business Travel 23,110.30
Total Emission 35,337.57
For and on behalf of SGS India Pvt. Ltd.
Ashwini 	K.	Mavinkurve,
Technical reviewer
Head – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India
Pune, India
13 June, 2025Abhijit	M.	Joshi
Lead Verifier – ESG & Sustainability Services,  
SGS India 
Pune, India
Team Members: Blessy	Sen
185 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
Annexure 1: Codes and Policies
The following are the Codes and Policies which are accessible through our company website with Link:  
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/investor-relations-policies-and-codes .
The mapping of the NGRBC principles to the respective policies/codes of the Company is as follows:  
Sr. 
No.Policies P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9
1Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy
2Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct (COEPC)
3Employee Charter and Human Rights Statement
4Prevention of sexual harassment at workplace Policy (POSH)
5Disciplinary action and grievance redressal Policy (DAP)
6Whistle Blower Policy
7Policy on Materiality of and dealing with Related Party 
Transactions
8Corporate Social Responsibility Policy (CSR)
9Code of conduct for Directors and Senior Management
10Code of Practices and Procedures for Fair Disclosure of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information (UPSI) 
11Policy on determination of materiality for disclosure of events 
or information
12Policy for determining 'material' subsidiaries 
13Performance Evaluation Criteria for Board, Committees of 
Board, Chairperson and Directors 
14CII Code of Conduct charters
15Remuneration policy
16Cyber Security policy
17Information Security policy
18Know your customer (KYC) policy
19Anti-money laundering policy
20Intragroup Investment policy
18618th Annual Report 2024-25
Annexure 2: Mapping United Nations Sustainable 
Development Goals (UNSDG)
We have mapped our initiatives under the BRSR principles to 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Principle 1: Principle 6 : 
Principle 2 : Principle 7 : 
Principle 4 : Principle 9 : 
Principle 5 : Principle 3 : Principle 8 :  Businesses should conduct and govern 
themselves with integrity, and in a manner that 
is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.Businesses should respect and make efforts to 
protect and restore the environment.
Businesses should provide goods and services 
in a manner that is sustainable and safe.Businesses, when engaging in influencing 
public and regulatory policy, should do so in a 
manner that is responsible and transparent.
Businesses should respect the interests of and 
be responsive to all its stakeholders.Businesses should engage with and provide value 
to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Businesses should respect and promote 
human rights.Businesses should respect and promote the 
well-being of all employees, including those in 
their value chains.Businesses should promote inclusive growth 
and equitable development.We have mapped our initiatives under the BRSR principles to 
the United Nations Sustainable Development Goals
Principle 1  Principle 6 : 
Principle 2 : Principle 7 : 
Principle 4 : Principle 9 : 
Principle 5 : Principle 3 : Principle 8 :  Businesses should conduct and govern 
themselves with integrity, and in a manner that 
is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.Businesses should respect and make efforts to 
protect and restore the environment.
Businesses should provide goods and services 
in a manner that is sustainable and safe.Businesses, when engaging in influencing 
public and regulatory policy, should do so in a 
manner that is responsible and transparent.
Businesses should respect the interests of and 
be responsive to all its stakeholders.Businesses should engage with and provide value 
to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Businesses should respect and promote 
human rights.Businesses should respect and promote the 
well-being of all employees, including those in 
their value chains.Businesses should promote inclusive growth 
and equitable development.
187 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview
