 
 
Corporate Office:  4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate Office, Off Pune -Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014,  
Maharashtra, India  
Corporate Office Extn.: 3rd Floor, Panchshil Tech Park, Viman  Nagar, Pune – 411 014, Maharashtra, India  
Tel: +91 20 7157 6403 | Fax: +91 20 7157 6364  
Registered Office:  C/o Bajaj Auto Limited complex, Mumbai - Pune Road, Akurdi, Pune - 411 035, Maharashtra, Indi a  
Corporate ID No.:  L65910MH1987PLCO42961  | Email ID:  investor.service@bajajfinserv.in   
 
 
 https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance -about -us  
 
                                                                                     1 July 2025  
THE MANAGER,  
BSE LIMITED  
DCS - CRD  
PHIROZE JEEJEEBHOY TOWERS  
DALAL STREET,  
MUMBAI - 400 001  THE MANAGER,  
LISTING DEPARTMENT  
NATIONAL STOCK EXCHANGE OF INDIA LTD.  
EXCHANGE PLAZA, C -1. BLOCK G,  
BANDRA - KURLA COMPLEX, BANDRA (EAST)  
MUMBAI - 400 051  
SCRIP CODE: 500034  SCRIP CODE: BAJFINANCE – EQ 
 
Dear Sir/Madam,   
 
Sub: Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report for FY202 5 
 
Pursuant to Regulation 34(2)(f) of SEBI (Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations 
2015, please find enclosed herewith Business Responsibility and Sustainability Report (‘BRSR’) for the 
financial year ended 31 March 2025 including assura nce report (Reasonable and Limited) by  SGS India 
Private Limited, which also forms part of Annual Report for FY2025.  
 
The aforesaid report is also available on the website of the Company at  
https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance -investor -relations -annual -reports . 
 
Kindly take the same on record.  
 
Thanking you,  
 
Yours faithfully,  
 
For BAJAJ FINANCE LIMITED  
 
 
 
 
R. VIJAY  
COMPANY SECRETARY  
Email ID: investor.service@bajajfinserv.in   
  
Encl.: As above  
Cc: Catalyst Trusteeship Ltd., Pune (Debenture Trustee)        
 
 
 
 
 
 
 SECTION A: GENERAL DISCLOSURES
I. Details of the listed entity
1. Corporate Identity Number (CIN) of the Listed 
EntityL65910MH1987PLC042961
2. Name of the Listed Entity Bajaj Finance Limited (Referred to as ‘the Company’ / ‘BFL’)
3. Year of incorporation 1987
4.Registered office address Akurdi, Pune - 411 035 
5. Corporate address 4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office, Off Pune-
Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar, Pune - 411 014
6. E-mail investor.service@bajajfinserv.in
7. Telephone 020-71576403
8. Website https://www.bajajfinserv.in/corporate-bajaj-finance
9. Financial year for which reporting is being done 2024 – 2025
10. Name of the Stock Exchange(s) where shares 
are listed BSE Limited and National Stock Exchange Limited (NSE 
Limited)
11. Paid-up Capital C 124.17 crore* 
12. Name and contact details (telephone, email 
address) of the person who may be contacted in 
case of any queries on the BRSR report Name and designation of 
the personR Vijay,  
Company Secretary
Contact details 020-71576403
Email ID vijay.r@bajajfinserv.in
13. Reporting boundary - Are the disclosures under 
this report made on a standalone basis (i.e., only 
for the entity) or on a consolidated basis (i.e., 
for the entity and all the entities which form a 
part of its consolidated financial statements, 
taken together).Consolidated basis (unless otherwise stated) – Collectively 
referred to as ‘BFL Group’ which includes Bajaj Finance 
Limited and its two subsidiaries i.e., Bajaj Housing Finance 
Limited, and Bajaj Financial Securities Limited (wholly-
owned).
14. Name of assessment or assurance provider Assurance provided by SGS India Private Limited 
15. Type of assessment or assurance obtained BRSR Core: Reasonable assurance
BRSR Non-Core: Limited assurance
*Net of 616,288 equity shares of H 2 each held in trust for employees under employee stock option plan scheme.
II. Products/services
16.	 Details	of	business	activities	(accounting	for	90%	of	the	turnover):	
Sr. 
No. Description of Main Activity Description of Business Activity %	of	Turnover	of	the	entity
1. Financial and Insurance Services Engaged in the business of lending, 
partnership and services, payments 
and acceptance of deposits98.85%
17.	 Products/Services	sold	by	the	entity	(accounting	for	90%	of	the	entity’s	Turnover):
Sr. 
No. Product/Service NIC Code%	of	total	Turnover
Contributed
1. Non-Banking Finance Company engaged in lending 
and allied activities65923 85.19%
2. Housing Finance (other credit granting)– Home loan, 
loan against property and construction funding 65922 13.66%BUSINESS RESPONSIBILITY & SUSTAINABILITY REPORT 
01 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewIII. Operations
18.	 Number	of	locations	where	plants	and/or	operations/offices	of	the	entity	are	situated:	
Location Number 	of	plants Number	of	offices Total
NationalNA*4,263#4,263
International Nil Nil
*BFL Group is not engaged in manufacturing activities. 
#Includes all the branches and corporate offices of BFL as on 31 March 2025. 
19.	 Markets	served	by	the	entity:	
a)	 Number	of	locations
Locations Number
National (No. of States) 28 States and 6 Union Territories (UTs)
International (No. of Countries) Nil
b)	 What	is	the	contribution	of	exports	as	a	percentage	of	the	total	turnover	of	the	entity?	
 Nil. BFL Group doesn’t have export business operations.
c)	 A	brief	on	types	of	customers:
  BFL Group has established a diversified business model with a strong focus on customer acquisition 
and multiple loans and services offerings, including payments solutions, to meet various financial 
services needs of our customers. Our product suite is spread across Consumer Lending, Personal Loans, 
SME Lending, Gold Loan, Auto Financing, Microfinance Lending, Commercial Lending, Rural Lending, 
Loan against Securities, Mortgages, Public and Corporate Deposits, and Partnership & Services. Our 
offices are located in Rural and Urban locations enabling us to have a well-diversified asset mix across 
customer classes and geographies through a combination of secured and unsecured products. BFL 
Group’s customer franchise as on 31 March 2025 stood at 101.82 million and acquired 18.18 million new 
customers in FY2025.
  BFL has a strong geographic presence spread across 4,263 locations across the country, 2,681 including 
in rural/smaller towns and villages and over 232,000 active distribution points.
  The customers are segregated under below given categories:
  Borrowers:  BFL Group focuses primarily on acquiring mass affluent customers. BFL offers secured and 
unsecured loans to salaried, self-employed, professionals, MSME and corporate clients. BFL, through its 
subsidiary Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (‘BHFL’ or ‘Bajaj Housing’), which is registered with the National 
Housing Bank as a Housing Finance Company (HFC); focuses on mortgage loans to customers.
  Depositors:  BFL accepts deposits from retail and corporate clients, with retail customers representing 
the majority of its deposit base.
  Broking customers:  BFL through its wholly-owned subsidiary i.e., Bajaj Financial Securities Limited 
(‘BFSL’, ‘BFinsec’, ‘Bajaj Broking’), which is registered with the Securities and Exchange Board of India 
(SEBI) as a stockbroker and depository participant, offers broking, depository services, margin trade 
facility, distribution of mutual funds and PMS to retail and HNI clients.
  Merchants:  Bajaj Pay QR enables merchants to accept payments by way of UPI, Bajaj Pay wallet and 
Bajaj EMI. We also offer a dedicated “Bajaj Finserv for Business App” to our merchants. This application 
provides features like onboarding, transactions and settlement tracking, service and a host of other value-
added features.
02 38th Annual Report  2024-25Section A Section B Section C
IV.	 Employees 	
20.	 Details	as	at	the	end	of	Financial	Year:	
a)	 Employees	and	workers	(including	differently	abled):		
Sr. 
No. Particulars Total	(A)Male Female
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A) No.	(C) %	(C	/	A)
EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 64,092 60,128 93.82% 3,964 6.18%
2.Other than Permanent (E)* 44,650 40,929 91.67% 3,721 8.33%
3. Total employees (D + E) 108,742 101,057 92.93% 7,685 7.07%
Sr. 
No. Particulars Total	(A)Male Female
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A) No.	(C) %	(C	/	A)
WORKERS
1. Permanent (F)
NA 2.Other than Permanent (G)
3. Total employees (F + G)
*Includes fixed term contract employees.
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
b)	 Differently	abled	Employees	and	workers:	
Sr. 
No. Particulars Total	(A)Male Female
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A) No.	(C) %	(C	/	A)
DIFFERENTLY 	ABLED	EMPLOYEES
1. Permanent (D) 24 18 75.00% 6 25.00%
2.Other than Permanent (E) Nil Nil Nil Nil Nil
3.Total differently abled employees (D + E) 24 18 75.00% 6 25.00%
Note: Basis disability certificates voluntarily disclosed by employees.
Sr. 
No. Particulars Total	(A)Male Female
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A) No.	(C) %	(C	/	A)
DIFFERENTLY 	ABLED	WORKERS
1. Permanent (F)
NA2.Other than Permanent (G)
3.Total differently abled employees 
(F + G) 
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
03 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview21.	 Participation/ 	Inclusion/ 	Representation 	of	women			
Total	(A)No.	and	percentage  
of	Females
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A)
Board of Directors 11 1 9%
Key Management Personnel* 4 0 0%
Note: The above information pertains only for BFL as on 31 March 2025.
*Key Management Personnel are as defined under Section 203(1) of the Companies Act, 2013.
22.	 Turnover	rate	for	permanent	employees	and	workers		
 (Disclose trends for the past 3 years)
FY2025 FY2024 FY2023
Male Female Total Male Female Total Male Female Total
Permanent 
Employees18% 19% 18% 18% 17% 18% 19% 21% 19%
Permanent 
WorkersNA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
Note 1: The turnover rate has been calculated as per the guidance note provided by SEBI.
Note 2: The turnover of employees in FY2025 would have been at 16.8% excluding Bajaj Group (Bajaj Holdings & Investment Limited, along 
with its subsidiaries and associates, including the subsidiaries of its associates) transfer.
V.	 Holding, 	Subsidiary 	and	Associate 	Companies 	(including 	joint	ventures) 	
23.	 (a)		Names	of	holding/	subsidiary/	associate	companies/	joint	ventures		
Sr. 
No.Name	of	the	holding/	
subsidiary/ 	associate 	
companies/ 	joint	ventures 	(A)Indicate 	whether 	
holding/ 	subsidiary/ 	
associate/ 	joint	
venture%	of	
shares 
held	by
listed 
entityDoes the entity indicated 
at	column	A,	participate	in	
the	Business 	Responsibility 	
initiatives	of	the	listed	entity?
(Yes/No)
1. Bajaj Finserv Limited Holding Company 51.39% Yes
2. Bajaj Housing Finance Limited Subsidiary 88.75% Yes
3. Bajaj Financial Securities Limited Subsidiary 100% Yes
4. SnapWork Technologies Private 
LimitedAssociate 41.50%* No
5 Pennant Technologies Private 
LimitedAssociate 26.53%* No
*On a fully diluted basis.
VI. CSR Details
24.	 (i)		 Whether	CSR	is	applicable	as	per	Section	135	of	Companies	Act,	2013:		 Yes.
 (ii)  Consolidated Turnover for FY2025 ( K in crore) -  69,724.78
 (iii) Consolidated Net worth for FY2025 ( K in crore) -  96,692.87
04 38th Annual Report  2024-25VII.	 Transparency 	and	Disclosures 	Compliances 	
25.		Complaints/Grievances	on	any	of	the	principles	(Principles	1	to	9)	under	the	National	Guidelines	
on	Responsible 	Business 	Conduct:
Stakeholder 	
group	from	
whom
complaint 	is	
receivedGrievance 
Redressal 
Mechanism 	
in Place 
(Yes/No)
(If	yes,	then 	
provide 
web-link 	for	
grievance 	
redress 
policy)FY2025 FY2024
Number	of	
complaints 	
filed	during	
the yearNumber	of	
complaints 	
pending
resolution
at close of 
the year RemarksNumber	of	
complaints 	
filed	during	
the yearNumber	of	
complaints 	
pending
resolution
at close of 
the year Remarks
Shareholders Yes 436 7 5 pending 
complaints 
have been 
resolved by 
29 April 202538 0 -
Investors
(other than
shareholders)Yes - - - - - -
Employees 
and workersYes Please refer Q.6 under “Essential Indicators" of “P5-Business should respect and promote 
human rights” for the complaints related to employees.
Customers Yes Please refer Q.3 under  "Essential Indicators" of “P9 – Businesses should engage with and 
provide value to their consumers in a responsible manner” for the complaints related to 
customers.
Value Chain
PartnersYes 11 2 All pending 
complaints 
have been 
resolved by 
29 April 2025- - -
Communities Yes - - - - - -
Others NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
BFL Group, in line with its policies, practices and processes, engages with its stakeholders, and strives to resolve differences raised by them 
in a fair, equitable, and consistent manner and if warranted takes corrective measures. In addition to the policies available on Company's 
website , there are certain policies regarding conduct with stakeholders including grievance mechanism, which are internal documents and 
not publicly available.
26.	 Overview	of	the	entity’s	material	responsible	business	conduct	issues	
  Please indicate material responsible business conduct and sustainability issues pertaining to 
environmental and social matters that present a risk or an opportunity to your business, rationale for 
identifying the same, approach to adapt or mitigate the risk along-with its financial implications, as per the 
following format:
Sr. 
No.Material issue 
identifiedIndicate 
whether 	
risk	or	
opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale 	for	identifying 	the	
risk/opportunityIn	case	of	risk,	approach	
to	adapt	or	mitigateFinancial 	implications 	
of	the	risk	or	
opportunity
(Indicate	positive	or	
negative 	implications)
1 Enhancing 
Customer 
Relationship 
ManagementOpportunity Enhancing customer experience 
and satisfaction helps BFL expand 
its customer base, improve 
customer retention, build a strong 
brand image, customer loyalty, and 
satisfy customers’ financial goals.NA PositiveSection A Section B Section C
05 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSr. 
No.Material issue 
identifiedIndicate 
whether 	
risk	or	
opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale 	for	identifying 	the	
risk/opportunityIn	case	of	risk,	approach	
to	adapt	or	mitigateFinancial 	implications 	
of	the	risk	or	
opportunity
(Indicate	positive	or	
negative 	implications)
2 Robust 
Corporate 
GovernanceOpportunity Adhering to sound governance 
practices carry substantial 
benefits, including strong 
reputation and building 
stakeholder trust.NA Positive
3 Upholding 
Business 
Ethics and 
TransparencyOpportunity Exercising ethical business 
behaviour in business presents 
opportunities for the following 
reasons:
a)   Helps build trust and 
credibility with stakeholders.
b)   Promotes long-term 
sustainability and growth.
c)   Prevents reputational 
damage, legal problems and 
loss of business.NA Positive
4 Sustainable 
Economic 
PerformanceOpportunity Strives to provide sustainable 
economic performance that builds 
confidence among stakeholders, 
enhance Company's competitive 
edge, and create a favourable 
environment for exploring new 
markets and business ventures, 
enhance Company’s reputation, 
attracts investments, fosters 
innovation, and promotes long-
term growth.NA Positive
5 Data Privacy 
and SecurityRisk Information is a valuable asset 
regardless of its source and 
nature. The importance of 
information security, cyber 
security, and fraud controls 
cannot be over-emphasised in 
this technological age. Security 
threats endanger customer data 
and disrupt business operations 
coupled with legal liabilities, 
regulatory investigations, financial 
penalties and damage to brand 
and reputation.•  Led by a strong 
commitment to 
protecting the privacy of 
personal data.
•  Formulated a well-
structured Data Privacy 
Policy. 
•  Institutionalised 
cyber-security policy to 
protect its information 
infrastructure on the 
internet, prevent and 
respond to cyber threats; 
reduce vulnerabilities; 
and minimise damage 
from cyber incidents.
•  Strong governance 
process with executive 
and Board oversight.
•  Preparedness for 
response to incidents.
•  Awareness programmes 
and training.Negative
6 Strong Brand 
and Reputation 
ManagementOpportunity Brand and reputation are crucial 
assets for any company, serving 
as pillars of trust and credibility 
in the industry. A strong brand 
and highly regarded reputation 
can differentiate a company from 
competitors, attracting customers 
and investors alike.NA Positive
06 38th Annual Report  2024-25Sr. 
No.Material issue 
identifiedIndicate 
whether 	
risk	or	
opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale 	for	identifying 	the	
risk/opportunityIn	case	of	risk,	approach	
to	adapt	or	mitigateFinancial 	implications 	
of	the	risk	or	
opportunity
(Indicate	positive	or	
negative 	implications)
7 Embracing 
Diversity and 
InclusionOpportunity Seek to create an inclusive, 
equitable, culturally competent, 
supportive and safe environment 
where our employees model 
behaviour that enriches our 
workplace. 
Committed to embedding equity 
and inclusion in all our people and 
business practices. Our practices 
aim to establish an inclusive 
culture, that celebrates diversity, 
is free from discrimination and 
is based on our Cultural Anchor 
framework. 
Adopted an Equal Employment 
Opportunity and Non-
discrimination Policy.
Committed to meritocracy-
based recruitment and career 
advancement. NA Positive
8 Fostering 
Human Capital 
DevelopmentOpportunity BFL Group strongly believes that 
“happy customers start with happy 
employees”. We value our people 
as they power our success. In 
line with this philosophy, we are 
committed to attracting, engaging, 
and retaining the right talent, as it 
contributes to delivering a superior 
business performance. We are 
focused on creating a thriving, 
safe and inclusive workplace 
for employees, while keeping 
them engaged and providing 
opportunities for professional and 
personal development and growth. NA Positive
9 Regulatory 
Compliance Risk BFL Group works in highly 
regulated environment. Failure 
to comply with regulation can 
lead to stoppage of business, 
litigations, penalties, sanctions, 
and reputation loss.BFL is committed to comply 
with all applicable laws, 
regulations, and guidelines 
set by the regulatory 
authorities. It prioritises the 
protection of its customers’ 
interests and data. BFL 
has a dedicated Chief 
Compliance Officer (CCO) 
and a robust compliance 
unit. Under the CCO's 
supervision, the compliance 
function is responsible for 
identifying and assessing 
compliance risks, providing 
guidance on related 
matters, and compliance 
monitoring and testing of 
products before and after 
the launch, applicable 
across the organisation. Negative
10 Prudent Risk 
ManagementOpportunity BFL is exposed to credit, liquidity, 
operational, market, interest-rate 
risk and various other types of 
risk. The ability to manage various 
types of risks is critical to our 
sustainable growth.NA PositiveSection A Section B Section C
07 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSr. 
No.Material issue 
identifiedIndicate 
whether 	
risk	or	
opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale 	for	identifying 	the	
risk/opportunityIn	case	of	risk,	approach	
to	adapt	or	mitigateFinancial 	implications 	
of	the	risk	or	
opportunity
(Indicate	positive	or	
negative 	implications)
11 Enhancing 
Innovation and 
DigitisationOpportunity Technology-enabled seamless 
customer experience has been 
the hallmark of our businesses. 
Each business is unique; so is 
its approach towards enhancing 
customer experience, but the 
core objectives that tie them 
together and stay the same are 
simplification of processes, ease 
of use, and quick and appropriate 
responses. In the technology 
age now, information security, 
cyber security and fraud controls 
have become extremely critical. 
This challenges us to continue 
innovating to address evolving 
customer requirements, drive 
efficiency and adapt our products 
to attract and retain customers. 
New technologies offer business 
opportunities.NA Positive
12 Marketing and 
Selling PracticesRisk Product governance refers to 
company's management of the 
quality of financial products and 
services offered, as well as the way 
they are marketed. Retail finance 
companies are highly exposed to 
product governance issues, given 
their business model of lending.
Types of misconducts include 
discriminatory lending practices, 
false marketing, predatory lending, 
misleading investors through poor 
disclosure and illegal foreclosure 
practices. The Company has 
established measures 
to effectively address 
product governance 
issues. BFL follows a 
strict Code of Conduct 
(CoC) for its outsourced 
agents. The CoC prescribes 
stringent guidelines, 
such as maintaining 
privacy of prospective 
and existing customers, 
providing accurate product 
information, telemarketing 
etiquette, etc. Negative
13 Promoting 
Sustainable 
FinanceOpportunity Sustainable financing is not only 
important to address pressing 
environmental and social 
challenges but also for creating 
a more resilient, inclusive and 
prosperous future for all.NA Positive
14 Promoting 
Employee 
Health, Safety, 
and Well-beingOpportunity Beyond legal and financial 
considerations, promoting health, 
safety, and well-being is simply the 
right thing to do. It shows that the 
organisation values its employees 
as individuals. When employees 
feel safe and healthy at work, they 
are more likely to be engaged, 
motivated, and productive. This can 
lead to higher job satisfaction and 
lower turnover rates.NA Positive
15 Encouraging 
Financial 
InclusionOpportunity All individuals and businesses 
across the country should have 
easy and seamless access 
to relevant and affordable 
financial products and services 
in a sustainable way. This is 
essential for them to meet their 
transactional, payment, saving, 
credit and insurance needs in a 
hassle-free manner.NA Positive
08 38th Annual Report  2024-25Sr. 
No.Material issue 
identifiedIndicate 
whether 	
risk	or	
opportunity 
(R/O)Rationale 	for	identifying 	the	
risk/opportunityIn	case	of	risk,	approach	
to	adapt	or	mitigateFinancial 	implications 	
of	the	risk	or	
opportunity
(Indicate	positive	or	
negative 	implications)
16 Community 
Relations and 
Well-beingOpportunity To build a sustainable ecosystem 
for the underserved and to help 
them realise and grow their 
potential, ensuring social, and 
economic inclusion for every 
individual.NA Positive
17 Upholding 
Human RightsOpportunity Human Rights risks: The risks 
that a company's operations/ 
activities/products pose to 
people's fundamental human 
rights. Businesses that properly 
address human rights issues are 
likely to have a more productive 
and more sustainable workforce 
and avoid legal, operational and 
financial risks.NA Positive
18 Climate Strategy 
and Emissions 
ManagementRisk Climate strategy and emissions 
management are crucial for 
businesses to manage operational 
and environmental risks and 
contribute to a sustainable 
economy.The Company, as a 
responsible corporate 
citizen, is conscious 
of direct and indirect 
impact of its operations 
on the environment. BFL 
is committed to reduce 
any negative impact on 
the natural environment 
and climate change. The 
Company endeavours 
to integrate sound 
environmental practices 
and governance systems
in its day-to-day operations 
to minimise environmental 
impact.Negative
Note: For details on the performance metrics and initiatives aligned with the material topics, please refer to materiality assessment topic in 
Stakeholders' Engagement section of ESG Report FY2025 .Section A Section B Section C
09 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSECTION B: MANAGEMENT AND PROCESS DISCLOSURES
Disclosure Questions P	1P	2P	3P	4P	5P	6P	7P	8P	9
Policy and management processes
1.  a)  Whether your entity’s policy/policies cover 
each principle and its core elements of the 
NGRBCs. (Yes/No)Yes (Please refer note below)
 b)  Has the policy been approved by the 
Board? (Yes/No)Yes. BFL Group has a policy covering all the principles named 
'Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy' . The 
said Policy is approved by the Board. Further, the Policy is 
reviewed by the management periodically and the changes are 
put to the Board for their approval as applicable.
 c) Web-Link of the Policies, if available https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-investor-relations-policies-
and-documents
2.   Whether the entity has translated the policy into 
procedures. (Yes / No)  Yes. BFL Group has translated the policies and imbibed the 
same into procedures and practices in the activities of the 
Company, as applicable.
3.   Do the enlisted policies extend to your value 
chain partners? (Yes/No)  Yes. BFL Group strives to influence its value chain partners to 
participate in responsible and sustainable business conduct 
depending upon their means and resources. BFL Group has 
published comprehensive Supplier’s Code of Conduct which 
extends to its value chain partners. 
Further, the Board of BFL has approved various policies such as 
Code of Conduct for Direct Selling Agents (DSA)/Debt Recovery 
Agents (DRA), Fair Practice Code, Whistle-Blower Policy, etc. to 
enable participation of its value chain partners in fair and ethical 
conduct of their business.
4.   Name of the national and international codes/
certifications/ labels/ standards adopted by your 
entity and mapped to each principle. All policies have been developed taking into consideration the 
industry practices and various regulatory requirements and 
through appropriate consultation with relevant stakeholders. 
Moreover, BFL is compliant with the ISO 27001:2013 Information 
security management system and ISO 22301:2012 Business 
Continuity Management system. BHFL is compliant with 
ISO 27001:2022 Information security management system. 
Additionally, the Company’s head office is compliant with ISO 
14001 (EMS) and 45001 (OHSMS).
5.   Specific commitments, goals and targets set by 
the entity with defined timelines, if any. BFL’s commitments for FY2026:
1. Tree plantation
2. 20 Microfinance branches opening
3.  ISO 14001 (Environmental Management System) and  
ISO 45001 (Occupational Health and Safety Management 
System) certifications for 20 locations
4.  Implementation of Water Tracking System (WTS) at  
40 locations
5.  Distribution of improved cookstoves in phases to foster 
clean energy access
6.   Performance of the entity against the specific 
commitments, goals, and targets along-with 
reasons in case the same are not met. BFL Group continually tracks the performance of various ESG 
initiatives undertaken. These initiatives are also monitored and 
reviewed by the ESG Committee for the status and progress. 
Further, as committed for FY2025:
1. BFL opened 218 Microfinance branches in FY2025
2. BFL planted around 200,000 saplings during FY2025
3.  Implemented Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) 
policy for BFL
4.  Implemented management approved Climate Risk Policy 
for BFL
5. Implemented Supplier Code of Conduct  across BFL Group
Note: Indicative list of policies is provided in annexure . 
10 38th Annual Report  2024-25Section A Section B Section C
Governance, 	Leadership, 	and	Oversight 	
7.   Statement by director responsible for the business responsibility report, highlighting ESG related challenges, 
targets, and achievements (listed entity has flexibility regarding the placement of this disclosure)  - Please refer 
to “Message from the Chairman and the Vice Chairman” in the ESG report at  https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/
impact-environmental-social-and-governance
8.   Details of the highest 
authority responsible 
for implementation and 
oversight of the Business 
Responsibility policy (ies). Name:  Rajeev Jain
Designation:  Vice Chairman (w.e.f. 1 April 2025)
DIN:  01550158
Name:  Anup Saha
Designation:  Managing Director (w.e.f. 1 April 2025)
DIN:  07640220
9.   Does the entity have 
a specified Committee 
of the Board/ Director 
responsible for decision-
making on sustainability 
related issues? (Yes / No). 
If yes, provide details. Yes. 
BFL has a Board approved ESG Committee consisting of senior management 
personnel of the Company to monitor various aspects of social, environmental, 
governance and economic responsibilities of the Company. The said Committee is 
chaired by Managing Director (w.e.f. 1 April 2025) of the Company.
The Company’s business responsibility performance is reviewed by the Board of 
Directors on an annual basis. During the year, the Board of Directors were updated on 
the sustainable and responsive business conduct initiatives across the BFL Group.
In addition, the Board level Risk Management Committee also assesses internal/ 
external risks pertaining to sustainability as identified.
10.	Details	of	Review	of	National	Guidelines	on	Responsible	Business	Conduct	(NGRBCs)	by	the	Company:		
Subject	for	ReviewIndicate	whether	review	was	
undertaken	by	Director/	Committee	
of	the	Board/	Any	other	Committee	Frequency	(Annually/		Half		yearly/	
Quarterly/	Any	other	–	please	specify)		
P	1P	2P	3P	4P	5P	6P	7P	8P	9P	1P	2P	3P	4P	5P	6P	7P	8P	9
Performance against above 
policies and follow up action As a practice, all the Board approved policies of the Company are reviewed annually and 
placed before the Board of Directors. Further, all the policies (excluding Board approved 
policies) are reviewed periodically or on a need basis by department heads, business heads, 
senior management personnel/ respective committees. During this assessment, the 
efficacy of these policies is also reviewed and necessary changes to policies and procedures 
are implemented. 
Compliance with statutory 
requirements of relevance to 
the principles, and rectification 
of any non-compliances BFL Group is in compliance with the extant regulations, as applicable.
11.   Has the entity carried out independent 
assessment/	evaluation	of 	the	working	of 	its	
policies	by 	an	external	agency?	(Yes/No).	If 	yes,	
provide	name	of 	the	agency.	P	1P	2P	3P	4P	5P	6P	7P	8P	9
BFL ensures that all the policies are reviewed internally 
either by the department heads/ domain experts/
relevant committee members, as applicable.
Note: Policies other than those placed on BFL’s website ( https://www.bajajfinserv.in/finance-investor-relations-policies-and-documents ) 
are internal documents and are not accessible to public.
12.	If	answer	to	question	(1)	above	is	“No”	i.e.,	not	all	Principles	are	covered	by	a	policy,	reasons	to	be	stated:
Questions P1P2P3P4P5P6P7P8P9
The entity does not consider the principles material 
to its business (Yes/No)
As the answer to question (1) above is ‘Yes’, this  
section is not applicable.The entity is not at a stage where it is in a position 
to formulate and implement the policies on 
specified principles (Yes/No)
The entity does not have the financial or/human 
and technical resources available for the task  
(Yes/No)
It is planned to be done in the next financial year 
(Yes/No)
Any other reason (please specify)
11 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9SECTION	C:	PRINCIPLE	WISE	PERFORMANCE	DISCLOSURE
PRINCIPLE	1:	Businesses	should	conduct	and	govern	themselves	with	integrity,	and	in	a	manner	
that	is	Ethical, 	Transparent 	and	Accountable. 	
Essential Indicators
1.		Percentage	coverage	by	training	and	awareness	programmes	on	any	of	the	principles	during	the	
financial 	year:	
SegmentTotal 
number	of	
training 	and
awareness 	
programmes 	
held Topics/	principles	covered	under	the	training	and	its	impact%	of	persons	
in respective 
category 	
covered	by	
awareness 	
programmes
Board of 
Directors*2 On an ongoing basis, BFL carries out familiarisation programs for its 
Directors, as required under the SEBI Listing Regulations and keeps 
the Directors and KMPs abreast on matters relating to the industry, 
business models, risk metrics, mitigation and management, governing 
regulations, ESG, information technology including cyber security, 
their roles, rights and responsibilities and significant developments 
and updates within the Company. A declaration from the Directors and 
Senior Management’s adherence to the Code of Conduct for Directors 
and Senior Management is communicated to all stakeholders by the 
Managing Director, through the Annual Report.
Additionally, during its meeting held on 20 March 2025, the Board 
of Directors conducted a comprehensive review of BFL Group’s ESG 
initiatives, encompassing the following:
1. ESG Regulatory Developments
2. Update on ESG Commitments
3. Key Focus areas of ESG ratings.
4. ESG initiatives undertaken by the Group.
5. Planned projects for next financial year.
Impact: Ensure Directors and KMPs stay abreast of various ESG 
developments, regulatory updates/changes, and other requisite 
familiarisation programmes. This empowers and fosters a more 
informed and strategic contribution.100%
Key Managerial 
Personnel*
Employees 
other than 
BoDs and 
KMPs# 1 BFL Group invests substantial time and resources for capacity 
building of its employees, ensuring they remain at the forefront of the 
latest trends and technologies. Further, for pertinent topics, periodic 
awareness programs are carried out through emails, posters/banners 
(physical and digital) and other modes of internal communication. 
Such training/awareness programs are on an array of topics including 
Information Security, BCMS & Data Privacy, Cybersecurity Awareness, 
Anti Money Laundering and KYC, Dealing with BFS Securities , Code of 
Ethics & Personal Conduct (CoEPC), Prevention of Sexual Harassment, 
Whistle-Blower , Mind Your Behaviour (MYB), Environment & Social 
Governance (ESG), Employee Safety - First Aid and Fire Training, 
Digital Media Privacy & Security, Digital Media, Interaction with 
Differently Abled, Interaction with Senior Citizens, Interaction with 
Expecting Mothers, and Human Rights.
Impact: Enhancing ESG awareness to ensure alignment with BFL's 
upheld ethics and values100%
Workers NA NA
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
*Data pertains to BFL.
#Data pertains to permanent employees.
12 38th Annual Report  2024-252.		Details	of	fines/penalties/punishment/award/compounding 	fees/	settlement 	amount 	paid	in	
proceedings	(by	the	entity	or	by	directors/KMPs)	with	regulators/law	enforcement	agencies/	
judicial	institutions,	in	the	financial	year,	in	the	following	format:	
  (Note: the entity shall make disclosures on the basis of materiality as specified in Regulation 30 of SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Obligations) Regulations, 2015 and as disclosed on the entity’s 
website):  
Monetary
NGRBC 
PrincipleName	of	the
regulatory/
enforcement 	
agencies/ 	
judicial	
institutionsAmount  
(In	K) Brief of the CaseHas an appeal 
preferred?
(Yes/No)
Penalty/ Fine 1 Insurance 
Regulatory and 
Development 
Authority of India 
(IRDAI)2 crore IRDAI has levied a penalty of H 2 
crore on Bajaj Finance Limited on 
15 July 2024 for non-adherence 
of IRDAI (Registration of Corporate 
Agents) Regulations, 2015, 
(i)  with respect to reconciliation 
of commission and 
professional fees received 
and that reported to the 
Authority; and 
(ii)  with respect to maintenance 
of records of customer 
documentation. Further, 
IRDAI has also issued 
additional directions to the 
Company and advised the 
Company to comply with 
those directions in a time-
bound manner. 
The Company has taken necessary 
corrective actions in this respect.No
Settlement
NilCompounding fee
Non-Monetary
 NGRBC 
PrincipleName	of	the	regulatory/	
enforcement 	agencies/ 	
judicial	institutions Brief of the CaseHas an 
appeal	been	
preferred? 	
(Yes/No) 	
Imprisonment
NilPunishment
3.		Of	the	instances	disclosed	in	Question	2	above,	details	of	the	Appeal/Revision	preferred	in	cases	
where	monetary	or	non-monetary	action	has	been	appealed.	
Case Details Name of the regulatory/enforcement agencies/judicial institutions
NilP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
13 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview4.		Does	the	entity	have	an	anti-corruption	or	anti-bribery	policy?	If	yes,	provide	details	in	brief	and	if	
available,	provide	a	web-link	to	the	policy.			
  Yes. BFL Group has zero tolerance towards unethical business practices and prohibits bribery and 
corruption in any form in all its business dealings, through necessary policies, codes, and charters. The 
Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct (CoEPC) consistently adopted across BFL Group reiterates our 
commitment on anti-bribery and covers all full-time or part-time employees, subject to applicable laws/ 
regulations. All employees of BFL Group must adhere to the commitment of integrity and other responsible 
business conduct principles laid down in CoEPC. The anti-bribery guidelines cover aspects related to 
bribes, acceptance of favours, and gifts from vendors/business partners, interacting with Government 
and Regulators, amongst others.
 Further, it reflects our dedication to operate in an open, fair, and accountable manner.
  Further, Employee Charter - Human Rights Statement adopted by BFL Group also lays down the principle 
and commitment on anti-corruption and bribery.
  The principles of anti-corruption and bribery are also captured in the “Code of Conduct for Directors and 
Senior Management” and “Supplier’s Code of Conduct” for vendors/suppliers.
  Some of these policies, codes and charters are available on Company’s website: ( https://www.
aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-investor-relations-policies-and-codes )
5.		Number	of	Directors/	KMPs/	employees/	workers	against	whom	disciplinary	action	was	taken	by	
any	law	enforcement	agency	for	the	charges	of	bribery/	corruption:	
FY2025 FY2024
Directors Nil Nil
KMPs Nil Nil
Employees  Nil Nil
Workers NA NA
Note: Based on the information available with the Company.
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
6.	 Details	of	complaints	with	regard	to	conflict	of	interest:		
FY2025 FY2024
Number Remarks Number Remarks
Number of complaints received in 
relation to issues of Conflict of Interest 
of the Directors Nil Nil Nil Nil
Number of complaints received in 
relation to issues of Conflict of Interest 
of the KMPs Nil Nil Nil Nil
7.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	action	taken	or	underway	on	issues	related	to	fines/	penalties/	
action	taken	by	regulators/	law	enforcement	agencies/	judicial	institutions,	on	cases	of	
corruption	and	conflicts	of	interest.	
  BFL Group was not subjected to any corruption and conflicts of interest related charge or action by 
regulators, law enforcement agencies or judicial institutions.
8.		Number	of	days	of	accounts	payables	((Accounts	payable	*365)/	Cost	of	goods/	services	
procured)	in	the	following	format:
FY2025 FY2024
Number of days of accounts payables 18.56 21.19
Note: Data reported on standalone basis. Numbers for FY2024 restated accordingly.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
14 38th Annual Report  2024-259.	 Open-ness	of	business	
  Provide details of concentration of purchases and sales with trading houses, dealers, and related parties 
along-with loans and advances & investments, with related parties, in the following format:
Parameter Metrics FY2025 FY2024
Concentration of 
Purchasesa)Purchases from trading houses as % of total purchases Nil Nil
b)Number of trading houses where purchases are made from Nil Nil
c)Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of total purchases 
from trading housesNil Nil
Concentration of 
salesa)Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total sales Nil Nil
b)Number of dealers / distributors to whom sales are made Nil Nil
c)Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total sales to 
dealers / distributorsNil Nil
Share of RPTs In* a)Purchases (Purchases with related parties / Total Purchases) 3.57% 4.96%
b)Sales (Sales to related parties / Total Sales) 1.36% 0.69%
c)Loans & advances (Loans & advances given to related parties / 
Total loans & advances)#0.18% 0.06%
d)Investments (Investments in related parties / Total 
Investments made)26.23% 24.45%
*On standalone basis. 
#Considered only loans given to related parties. 
Note: For more details on related parties transactions, please refer Notes to Standalone Financial Statements 'Disclosure of transactions 
with related parties as required by Ind AS 24' at page number 289 of this Report.
Leadership Indicators 
1.		Awareness	programmes	conducted	for	value	chain	partners	on	any	of	the	principles	during	the	
financial 	year:
Total	number	of	awareness	
programmes 	heldTopics/Principles covered 
under	the	training%age	of	value	chain	partners	covered	(by	
value	of	business	done	with	such	partners)	
under	the	awareness 	programmes
Please refer note below
Notes: 
• BFL Group strives to influence its value chain partners to participate in the responsible and sustainable business conduct depending 
upon their means and resources. BFL Group carries out awareness and training programmes for its value chain partners (especially 
agents and other intermediaries), depending on the business needs, stakeholder feedback and regulatory requirements covering 
various topics.
• BFL and BHFL have a Board approved Code of Conduct policy for its Debt Recovery Agents (DRA), Direct Marketing Agents (DMA) and 
Direct Selling Agents (DSA). BFL has made CoC acceptance and acknowledgement mandatory for all agents and agencies for accessing 
our Mobility App. 
• BFL Group has enacted Suppliers' Code of Conduct which forms part of the service agreements with vendors/suppliers. This requires 
suppliers to acknowledge and comply with our policies and procedures as a condition of engagement.
• In November 2022, BFL got its DRA training accreditation from Indian Institute of Banking and Finance (IIBF). BFL has invested in 
online DRA training infrastructure for agents. After completion of online training, agents appear for a DRA certification test conducted 
by IIBF. As on 31 March 2025, more than 34,000 participants are DRA certified. We have over 110 facilitators, including more than 70 
CAIIB-certified professionals whose profiles have been approved by the Indian Institute of Banking & Finance for delivering DRA training 
for BFL.
• BFL Group has incorporated ESG linked commitments into vendor contracts. 
• BFL conducted an awareness series for the stakeholders through social media channel to create awareness on ESG matters and 
encouraged them to uphold the same, as applicable. P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
15 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview2.		Does	the	entity	have	processes	in	place	to	avoid/manage	conflict	of	interests	involving	members	
of	the	Board?	(Yes/No)	If	yes,	provide	details	of	the	same.
  Yes. BFL Group has zero tolerance towards unethical business practices and ensures adherence to 
relevant principles including in relation to conflict of interest. BFL Group has put in place adequate 
measures and procedures to ensure that no conflict of interest arises involving members of the Board.
• Every Director on the Board is required to make disclosure of his/her interest or concern in other 
entities (under Section 184 of the Companies Act, 2013) and the parties to which such Director is 
related (under Section 2(76) of the Companies Act, 2013 and other laws applicable). Such disclosure is 
required to be made as and when a director attends the first Board Meeting after his/her appointment 
on the Board and thereafter at every first Board Meeting held in a financial year as well as within 30 days 
from any change in the disclosure previously given by such Director.
• Director, if interested or concerned in any transaction(s) or arrangement(s) to be entered into by the 
Company, does not participate in the discussion and approval of the transaction.
• BFL and BHFL have a separate Code of Conduct (‘CoC’) for Directors and Senior Management which 
states that ‘Directors and Senior Management shall observe the highest standards of ethical conduct 
and integrity and shall work to the best of their ability and judgement’. The said CoC requires them to 
not to engage in any business relationship or activity, which conflicts with their duties towards the 
Company. All the Board members and Senior Management personnel have affirmed compliance with the 
Code for the year ended 31 March 2025. A declaration to this effect signed by the Managing Director 
forms a part of this Annual Report.
• BFL and BHFL have also put in place necessary mechanisms and have formulated a Policy on Dealing 
with Related Party Transactions, keeping in view the requirements under Regulation 23 of the SEBI 
(Listing Obligations and Disclosure Requirements) Regulations, 2015 and the provisions of the 
Companies Act, 2013. This Policy provides a framework to ensure proper identification, approval, and 
subsequent modification of Related Party Transactions. 
• In addition to the above, BFL Group’s CoEPC covers potential areas where conflict of interest may be 
encountered. It also provides specific guidelines on avoiding and dealing with possible conflicts of 
interest and the requirement to disclose potential conflicts of interest by employees.
 Link: https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/finance-investor-relations-policies-and-codes  P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
16 38th Annual Report  2024-25Section A Section B Section C
PRINCIPLE	2:	Businesses	should	provide	goods	and	services	in	a	manner	that	is	sustainable	and	safe.
Essential Indicators
1.		Percentage	of	R&D	and	capital	expenditure	(capex)	investments	in	specific	technologies	to	
improve	the	environmental	and	social	impacts	of	product	and	processes	to	total	R&D	and	capex	
investments	made	by	the	entity,	respectively.	
FY2025 FY2024Details	of	improvements	in	
environmental 	and	social	impacts
R&D - -Please refer note belowCapex 47% 40%
  Note: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses. The portion of its revenue and capital expenditure that directly 
contributes to improve the environment and make a social impact largely revolves around its expenses on Information technology 
whereby the entire business cycle and customer interaction is facilitated technologically resulting in reducing paperwork and costs 
that otherwise would have been incurred in physical interactions. 
2.	 a)		 Does	the	entity	have	procedures	in	place	for	sustainable	sourcing?	(Yes/No)		
	 b)	 If	yes,	what	percentage	of	inputs	were	sourced	sustainably?
   BFL Group provides financial products and services, and thus neither has a sizeable consumption of 
any raw material nor produces any tangible goods. 
   BFL Group’s activities are limited to providing financial solutions to serve the needs of the people. 
BFL Group nurtures a culture of conservation of resources and encourages innovations that aid in 
reducing the dependence on natural resources. 
   Wherever feasible, BFL Group strives to incorporate sustainable sourcing in its operations and 
ensures that energy efficiency standards are considered during the purchase of electronic 
equipment such as lighting devices, AC’s etc. BFL’s data centres are certified under Environmental 
Management System. 
   Recycled paper turns yesterday's waste into today's resource and offers a greener alternative to 
traditional paper production. Supporting a sustainable future and healthier planet, BFL Group has 
procured over 86% of recycled A4 Printing paper.
  Additionally, BFL Group has incorporated ESG related clauses in the vendor contracts as applicable. 
3.		Describe	the	processes	in	place	to	safely	reclaim	your	products	for	reusing,	recycling,	and	
disposing	at	the	end	of	life,	for	(a)	Plastics	(including	packaging)	(b)	E-waste	(c)	Hazardous	
waste	and	(d)	other	waste.		
  Given the BFL Group operations, E-waste and Battery waste are considered to be the material type 
of waste. 
  Accordingly, BFL Group disposes E-waste and Battery waste through registered vendors and receives the 
certificate of disposal or recycling from them. During the year, E-waste of 34.24 Metric Tonnes and 92.74 
Metric Tonnes of Battery waste has been disposed of or recycled in a scientific and eco-friendly manner.
4.		Whether	Extended	Producer	Responsibility	(EPR)	is	applicable	to	the	entity’s	activities	(Yes	/	
No).	If	yes,	whether	the	waste	collection	plan	is	in	line	with	the	Extended	Producer	Responsibility	
(EPR)	plan	submitted	to	Pollution	Control	Boards?	If	not,	provide	steps	taken	to	address	the	
same.	
 Given the business operations of BFL Group, the same is not applicable.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
17 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewLeadership Indicators
1.		Has	the	entity	conducted	Life	Cycle	Perspective	/	Assessments	(LCA)	for	any	of	its	products	(for	
manufacturing	industry)	or	for	its	services	(for	service	industry)?	If	yes,	provide	details	in	the	
following 	format:
NIC CodeName	of	Product	/
Service%	of	total	
Turnover 
contributedBoundary for 
which	the	Life	
Cycle Perspective 
/	Assessment	was	
conductedWhether 	
conducted	by	
independent 
external 	
agency	 
(Yes/No)Results 
communicated 	
in	public	
domain	 
(Yes/No) 	 
If	yes,	provide	
the	web-link.
Given the business operations of BFL Group, there are no material products or services offered by the entity that 
qualify for Life Cycle Perspective / Assessments (LCA).
2.		If	there	are	any	significant	social	or	environmental	concerns	and/or	risks	arising	from	production	
or	disposal	of	your	products	/	services,	as	identified	in	the	Life	Cycle	Perspective	/	Assessments	
(LCA)	or	through	any	other	means,	briefly	describe	the	same	along-with	action	taken	to	mitigate	
the	same.	
Name	of	Product	/	Service Description	of	the	risk	/	concern Action	Taken
NA
3.			Percentage	of	recycled	or	reused	input	material	to	total	material	(by	value)	used	in	production	
(for	manufacturing	industry)	or	providing	services	(for	service	industry).		
Indicate 	input	materialRecycled	or	re-used	input	material	to	total	material
FY2025 FY2024
Recycled A4 Printing paper as % of Total Printing Paper 86.39% 79.74%
4.		Of	the	products	and	packaging	reclaimed	at	end	of	life	of	products,	amount	(in	metric	tonnes)	
reused,	recycled,	and	safely	disposed,	as	per	the	following	format:		
FY2025 FY2024
Re-Used RecycledSafely 
Disposed Re-Used RecycledSafely 
Disposed
E-waste - 25.90 8.34 - 22.51 -
Plastics (including packaging)
Given the business operations of BFL Group, the same is not significant and 
hence is not tracked.
Hazardous Waste
Other waste (Battery waste) - 86.50 6.24 - 19.35 -
5.		Reclaimed	products	and	their	packaging	materials	(as	percentage	of	products	sold)	for	each	
product 	category. 	
Indicate  
product 	categoryReclaimed	products	and	their	packaging	materials	as	%	of	total	products	
sold	in	respective	category
Given the business operations of BFL Group, the same is not applicable.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
18 38th Annual Report  2024-25PRINCIPLE 	3:	Businesses 	should	respect 	and	promote 	the	well-being 	of	all	employees, 	including 	
those in their value chains. 
Essential Indicators
1.	 a)		 Details	of	measures	for	the	well-being	of	employees:		
Category%	of	employees	covered	by
Total  
(A)Health  
insuranceAccident 
insuranceMaternity 
benefits*Paternity 
benefits*Day Care  
facilities
Number 	
(B)% 
(B	/	A)Number 	
(C)% 
(C	/	A)Number 	
(D)% 
(D	/	A)Number 	
(E)% 
(E	/	A)Number 	
(F)% 
(F	/	A)
Permanent	employees
Male 60,128 60,128 100% 60,128 100% NA NA 60,128 100% 60,128 100%
Female 3,964 3,964 100% 3,964 100% 3,964 100% NA NA 3,964 100%
Total 64,092 64,092 100% 64,092 100% 3,964 100% 60,128 100% 64,092 100%
Other	than	Permanent	employees
Male 40,929 40,929 100% 40,929 100% NA NA NA NA Nil Nil
Female 3,721 3,721 100% 3,721 100% 3,721 100% NA NA Nil Nil
Total 44,650 44,650 100% 44,650 100% 3,721 100% NA NA Nil Nil
*The female /male employees can avail maternity/paternity leave as per extant instructions in line with Government of India guidelines. 
	 b)	 Details	of	measures	for	the	well-being	of	workers:
Category%	of	workers	covered	by	
Total  
(A)Health  
insuranceAccident 
insuranceMaternity  
benefitsPaternity  
benefitsDay Care  
facilities
Number 	
(B)% 
(B	/	A)Number 	
(C)% 
(C	/	A)Number 	
(D)% 
(D	/	A)Number 	
(E)% 
(E	/	A)Number 	
(F)% 
(F	/	A)
Permanent	 workers
Male NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Female NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Total NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Other	than	Permanent	 workers
Male NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Female NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Total NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
	 c)	 	Spending	on	measures	towards	well-being	of	employees	and	workers	(including	permanent	
and	other	than	permanent)	in	the	following	format	–
FY2025* FY2024
Cost incurred on well-being measures as a % of total revenue of the Company 0.10% 0.13%
*Includes Maternity and Paternity benefits.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
19 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview2.	 Details	of	retirement	benefits,	for	Current	FY	and	Previous	Financial	Year.	
BenefitsFY2025 FY2024
No. of 
employees 	
covered as 
a	%	of	total	
employees 		No. of 
workers 	
covered as 
a	%	of	total	
employees 		Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with	the	
authority 
(Y/N/
N.A.)	No. of 
employees 	
covered as 
a	%	of	total	
employeesNo. of 
workers 	
covered as 
a	%	of	total	
employees 		Deducted 
and 
deposited 
with	the	
authority 
(Y/N/
N.A.)	
PF 100 NA Yes 100 NA Yes
Gratuity* 100 NA Yes 100 NA Yes
ESI 100 NA Yes 100 NA Yes
NPS* 100 NA Yes 100 NA Yes
Superannuation* 100 NA Yes 100 NA Yes
Note 1: Represents benefits provided to all the employees who are eligible/have opted for the said retirement benefits.
Note 2: Data pertains to Permanent employees. 
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
*The amount is not deducted from salary.
3.	 Accessibility 	of	workplaces 	
		Are	the	premises	/	offices	of	the	entity	accessible	to	differently	abled	employees	and	workers,	
as	per	the	requirements	of	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	2016?	If	not,	whether	any	
steps	are	being	taken	by	the	entity	in	this	regard.
  BFL Group has adopted Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct (CoEPC) which promotes equal employment 
opportunity and non-discrimination along with mutual respect. Additionally, BFL Group through its 
Equal Employment Opportunity and Non-discrimination policy and Employee Charter - Human Rights 
Statement prohibits any kind of discrimination against any persons with disabilities in any matter related 
to employment as per the Right of Person with Disabilities Act. Some of BFL’s offices and branches are 
designed to ensure accessibility for differently abled employees, Additionally, 380+ branches and offices 
are equipped with wheelchairs, and 3,100+ branches are equipped with magnifying glass to foster an 
inclusive environment.
4.		Does	the	entity	have	an	equal	opportunity	policy	as	per	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	
2016?	If	so,	provide	a	web-link	to	the	policy.	
  Yes. BFL Group has adopted Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct (CoEPC) which promotes equal 
employment opportunity and non-discrimination along with mutual respect. 
  Additionally, BFL Group has adopted Equal Employment Opportunity and Non-Discrimination policy 
in accordance with the provisions of the Rights of Persons with Disabilities Act, 2016 and provides a 
framework and commitment towards the empowerment of persons with disabilities. 
  BFL Group through its Employee Charter - Human Rights Statement prohibits discrimination against any 
person with disability in any matter related to employment. 
  As enshrined in the ‘Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy’, BFL Group provides equal 
opportunities at the time of recruitment as well as during employment irrespective of age, sex, colour, 
caste, disability, marital status, ethnic origin, race, religion, sexual orientation, disease (viz. HIV/AIDS) or 
any other status of individuals. 
  These policies promote an environment where everyone in the Company gets an equal opportunity to 
excel and grow in accordance with the individual’s ability and suitability to perform in his/her area of work. 
 The above policies are available on our website : Bajaj Finance Investor Relations – Policies and  CodesP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
20 38th Annual Report  2024-255.	 Return	to	work	and	Retention	rates	of	permanent	employees	and	workers	that	took	parental	leave.	
Gender Permanent 	employees Permanent 	workers
Return to 
work	rateRetention 
rateReturn to 
work	rateRetention 
rate
Male 99.92% 86.59% NA NA
Female 100% 70.21% NA NA
Total 99.92% 85.53% NA NA
 NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
6.		Is	there	a	mechanism	available	to	receive	and	redress	grievances	for	the	following	categories	of	
employees	and	worker?	If	yes,	give	details	of	the	mechanism	in	brief.	
Yes/No
(If	Yes,	then	give	details	of	the	mechanism	in	brief)
Permanent 
Employees Yes. BFL Group strives to create a culture which is fair, open, and transparent and where 
employees can openly present their views. 
BFL Group transparently communicates its policies and practices such as plans, 
compensation, performance metrics, performance pay grids and calculation, career 
enhancements, compliance, and other processes with all employees in a non-discriminating 
manner. 
BFL Group has a Board approved Disciplinary Action Policy (DAP)  and Board delegated 
Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC) to address the grievances of its employees. It enables 
employees to work without fear of prejudice, gender discrimination and harassment. BFL 
Group has zero tolerance towards any non-compliance of these principles. 
BFL Group has ‘ Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct’ (CoEPC) , ‘Whistle-Blower ’, 
‘Prevention of Sexual Harassment ’ and ‘Mind Your Behaviour’ framework serving as 
grievance mechanisms for its employees to report or raise their concerns confidentially and 
anonymously, and without fear of any retaliation. 
Additionally, the "Own My Branch" (OMB) programme exemplifies BFL's innovative approach 
to connecting leadership with employees across its extensive branch network. By facilitating 
interaction between senior management and branch employees, the OMB program 
bridges the gap between the head office and regional branches. Each leader is tasked with 
overseeing two to three branches quarterly, ensuring a seamless execution of leadership 
vision and fostering trust among employees. 
Further, BFL has a dedicated helpline number for employees to report their concerns. 
Other than 
Permanent 
EmployeesYes.  BFL Group strives to create a culture which is fair, open, and transparent and where 
employees can openly present their views. 
BFL has a Board approved Disciplinary Action Policy (DAP) for Fixed Term Contract 
Employees (FTCEs) to address their grievances. It enables employees to work without fear of 
prejudice, gender discrimination and harassment. BFL has zero tolerance towards any  
non-compliance of these principles. 
BFL has ‘Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct’ (CoEPC), ‘Whistle-Blower’, and ‘Prevention 
of Sexual Harassment’ frameworks serving as grievance mechanisms for its employees 
to report or raise their concerns confidentially and anonymously, and without fear of any 
retaliation. 
Further, BFL has a dedicated helpline number for employees to report their concerns.
Permanent Workers 
and Other than 
Permanent WorkersNA
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
21 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview7.	 Membership	of	employees	and	worker	in	association(s)	or	Unions	recognised	by	the	listed	entity:	
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total 
employees/
workers	in 	
respective
category
(A)No.	of	employees/
workers	in
respective 	category,
who	are	part	of 	
association(s) 	or	
Union	(B)%	
(B/A)Total 
employees/
workers	in
respective
category
(C)No.	of	employees/
workers	in 	
respective 	category, 	
who	are	part	of 		
association(s) 	or	
Union	(D)%	
(D/C)
Total Permanent 
EmployeesBFL Group does not have any employee trade union and is not engaged or involved in any collective 
bargaining agreement, although it allows all employees to exercise the lawful right to ‘freedom of 
association’.Male
Female
Total Permanent
WorkersNAMale
Female
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
8.	 Details	of	training	given	to	employees	and	workers:	
CategoryTotal  
(A)FY2025
Total 
(D)FY2024
On	Skill	
UpgradationOn Health and 
SafetyOn	Skill	
Upgradation*On Health and 
Safety*
No. 
(B)%	
(B/A) No.	(C)%	
(C/A)No. 
(E)%	
(E/D) No.	(F)%	
(F/D)
Employees
Male 60,128 57,576 95.76% 59,028 98.17% 50,564 45,713 90.41% 46,318 91.60%
Female 3,964 3,780 95.36% 3,782 95.41% 3,248 2,705 83.28% 2,984 91.87%
Total 64,092 61,356 95.73% 62,810 98.00% 53,812 48,418 89.98% 49,302 91.62%
*Includes training provided to employees who left the Company during FY2024.
Note: Data for FY2025 pertains to Permanent employees. 
Workers
FY2025 FY2024
Male
NA Female
Total
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
9.	 Details	of	performance	and	career	development	reviews	of	employees	and	worker:	
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total	(A)* No.(B) %	(B/A) Total	(C)* No.(D) %	(D/C)
Employees
Male 51,960 51,960 100% 45,413 45,413 100%
Female 3,359 3,359 100% 2,902 2,902 100%
Total 55,319 55,319 100% 48,315 48,315 100%
Workers
Male
NA Female
Total
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
Note: Data pertains to Permanent employees.
*Eligible employees count due for annual performance review.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
22 38th Annual Report  2024-2510.	 Health	and	safety	management	system:	
a)		Whether	an	occupational	health	and	safety	management	system	has	been	implemented	by	the	
entity?	(Yes/No).	If	yes,	the	coverage	such	system?		
  Yes. In FY2025 BFL has implemented occupational health and safety management system (ISO 
45001:2018) for our head corporate office.
  Through its “ Employee Health and Safety Manual ” and EHS Policy, BFL is committed to provide a safe and 
healthy workplace to its employees by minimising the risk of accidents, injury and exposure to health risks 
and it complies with applicable laws and regulations with respect to safety at workplace.
  BFL Group trains its employees on safety protocols by conducting periodic trainings on fire safety and 
evacuation drills for employees. Corporate offices and branch offices are assessed in regards with the 
electrical systems safety, fire safety, building stability, working conditions, emergency exits, hygiene 
and sanitation, ventilation, first aid box etc. BFL has nominated fire marshals at selected locations and 
has a dedicated healthcare centre for corporate office employees. Physical and mental well-being of the 
employees is at the core of BFL Group’s human resource practices. BFL Group sends periodic internal 
communication and alerts to employees and conducts various awareness sessions on health and safety 
related aspects.
  For more information, please refer to Human Capital Management section of ESG Report: link https://www.
aboutbajajfinserv.com/impact-environmental-social-and-governance
b)		What	are	the	processes	used	to	identify	work-related	hazards	and	assess	risks	on	a	routine	and	
non-routine	basis	by	the	entity?		
  BFL conducts safety audits/assessments on a periodic or on a need basis wherein parameters related to 
fire safety, housekeeping, electrical safety, and emergency preparedness are assessed. 
c)		Whether	you	have	processes	for	workers	to	report	the	work-related	hazards	and	to	remove	
themselves	from	such	risks.	(Y/N)		
  Yes. BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers. For its 
employees, BFL has a dedicated Central Emergency Service Desk (CESD) helpline portal which is available 
24x7. They can use this portal to register any work-related incidents or hazard and risks.
d)		Do	the	employees/worker	of	the	entity	have	access	to	non-occupational	medical	and	healthcare	
services?	(Yes/	No)	
  Yes. BFL Group has insured its employees under group term insurance, health insurance and accidental 
insurance policies. For more information, please refer to section on ‘Human Capital Management’ section 
of ESG report at link https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/impact-environmental-social-and-governance
11.	 Details	of	safety	related	incidents,	in	the	following	format:		
Safety	Incident/Number Category FY2025 FY2024
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per one million-
person hours worked) Employees* Nil Nil
Workers NA NA
Total recordable work-related injuries Employees* Nil Nil
Workers NA NA
No. of fatalities  Employees* Nil Nil
Workers NA NA
High consequence work-related injury or ill-health (excluding 
fatalities) Employees* Nil Nil
Workers NA NA
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
*Currently, tracking is in place for Permanent employees.
12.	 Describe	the	measures	taken	by	the	entity	to	ensure	a	safe	and	healthy	workplace.		
 Refer 10(a) above.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
23 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview13.	 Number	of	Complaints	on	the	following	made	by	employees	and	workers:	
FY2025 FY2024
Filed	
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution 
at the end 
of year RemarksFiled	
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution 
at the end 
of year Remarks
Working Conditions Nil Nil - Nil Nil -
Health & Safety Nil Nil - Nil Nil -
14.	 Assessments	for	the	year:
%	of	your	plants	and	offices	that	were	assessed	(by	entity	or	statutory	
authorities	or	third	parties)
Health and safety practicesPlease refer note belowWorking Conditions
Note: BFL Group strives to keep the workplace environment safe, hygienic, and humane, upholding the dignity of the employees. 
Selected offices across BFL are internally assessed periodically through internal assessments for various aspects of health and 
safety measures.
15.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	action	taken	or	underway	to	address	safety-related	incidents	
(if	any)	and	on	significant	risks	/	concerns	arising	from	assessments	of	health	&	safety	practices	
and	working 	conditions. 	
  No significant corrective actions pertaining to above-mentioned parameters was necessitated by BFL 
Group during the year under review.
Leadership Indicators
1.		Does	the	entity	extend	any	life	insurance	or	any	compensatory	package	in	the	event	of	death	of	
(A)	Employees	(Y/N)	(B)	Workers	(Y/N)?	
 A.  Employees - Yes. BFL Group extends various financial support and compensatory packages in the 
event of death of an employee regardless of whether death occurred during work or otherwise. Some 
of these include one-time lumpsum payment from iCare fund (for enrolled employees), full month's 
pay, Group Term Life insurance assured amounts, employment opportunity to immediate family 
member of the deceased employee (if required), etc.
   Additional details with respect to the same are provided in ’Human Capital Management’ section of 
ESG report at https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/impact-environmental-social-and-governance
 B.  Workers – NA, BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services 
of workers.
2.		Provide	the	measures	undertaken	by	the	entity	to	ensure	that	statutory	dues	have	been	deducted	
and	deposited	by	the	value	chain	partners.	
  BFL Group is committed to foster responsible and sustainable business practices across its value chain 
partners, tailored to their capacities and resources. To uphold this commitment, BFL employs various 
measures to ensure that its high-risk value chain partners fulfil their statutory obligations by deducting 
and remitting dues. These measures encompass contractual agreements, rigorous reviews, audits/
assessments of value chain partners, and seeking confirmations of compliance, all adapted to the specific 
nature of the products or services provided.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
24 38th Annual Report  2024-253.		Provide	the	number	of	employees/	workers	having	suffered	high	consequence	work-related	
injury/	ill-health/	fatalities	(as	reported	in	Q11	of	Essential	Indicators	above),	who	have	been/	
are	rehabilitated	and	placed	in	suitable	employment	or	whose	family	members	have	been	placed	in	
suitable 	employment:
 Total	no.	of	affected	employees/workersNo.	of	employees/workers	that	are 	
rehabilitated 	and	placed	in	suitable 	
employment 	or	whose	family	members 	
have	been	placed	in	suitable 	employment
 FY2025 FY2024 FY2025 FY2024
Employees Nil Nil Nil Nil
Workers NA NA NA NA
 NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.
4.		Does	the	entity	provide	transition	assistance	programs	to	facilitate	continued	employability	and	
the	management	of	career	endings	resulting	from	retirement	or	termination	of	employment?	
(Yes/	No)	
  Yes. BFL has retirement policy which aims to define terms of retirement for employees and the conditions 
for subsequent engagement opportunities with the Company. BFL Group invests significant time and 
resources in the training and development of its employees, help them stay ahead of latest trends and 
technology. With such trainings, most employees are skilled and tend to be employable upon retirement / 
termination.  
5.	 Details	on	assessment	of	value	chain	partners:	
%	of	value	chain	partners	(by	value	of	business	done	with	such	partners)	
that	were	assessed	
Health and safety practices  Please refer note belowWorking Conditions
  Note: BFL Group expects and influences all its value chain partners to follow extant regulations, including health and safety practices 
and working. Further, BFL has an outsourcing compliance framework that is used for the evaluation and assessment of vendors basis 
the scoring model. Accordingly, select high-risk category corporate vendors were categorised and assessed as per the outsourcing 
compliance framework. 
6.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	actions	taken	or	underway	to	address	significant	risks	/	
concerns	arising	from	assessments	of	health	and	safety	practices	and	working	conditions	of	
value chain partners.
  BFL has a detailed vendor audit checklist as part of its outsourcing compliance framework that is designed 
to undertake risk assessment of the vendor. Basis the assessment, vendors are classified as satisfactory, 
improvement opportunity, and needs improvement. P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
25 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewPRINCIPLE	4:	Businesses	should	respect	the	interests	of	and	be	responsive	to	all	its	stakeholders.	
Essential Indicators
1.	 Describe	the	processes	for	identifying	key	stakeholder	groups	of	the	entity.	
  Individuals or a group of individuals, agencies, institutions who are interested or impacted by the activities 
of the group’s business and vice versa now or in the future are identified as a key stakeholder by the BFL 
Group. The key stakeholders thus identified are customers, investors, lenders, depositors, government, 
shareholders, regulators, value chain partners, employees, and society. 
  BFL Group understands the impact of its policies, decisions, products and services, and associated 
operations on the key stakeholders. In line with its policies, practices, and processes, BFL Group engages 
with its stakeholders and strives to resolve differences with them in a fair, equitable and consistent 
manner and where warranted takes corrective measures. 
  BFL Group also engages with relevant stakeholders for enhancing sustainable and responsible 
business practices.
2.		List	stakeholder	groups	identified	as	key	for	your	entity	and	the	frequency	of	engagement	with	
each	stakeholder	group.		
Stakeholder 	
GroupWhether 	
identified	as	
Vulnerable 	&
Marginalised
Group  
(Yes/No)Channels 	of	communication 	 
(Email,	SMS,	Newspaper,	
Pamphlets, 	Advertisement, 	
Community 	Meetings, 	Notice	
Board,	Website),	OtherFrequency	of	
engagement 	
(Annually/ 	Half	
yearly/
Quarterly / others 
–	please	specify)Purpose and scope of 
engagement 	including 	
key	topics	and	concerns	
raised	during	such	
engagement
Shareholder 
and InvestorNo Multiple channels including - 
• Quarterly investors’ presentations 
and calls
• Annual General Meeting
• Press releases
• Disclosures on stock exchanges 
• Participation in 
investor conferences
• Investors’ grievance cell
• Social Media
• Website
• Emails/letters, etc.• Annual 
and Quarterly
• Need basedTo inform about the 
performance, major 
developments, ESG 
initiatives and other 
relevant updates regarding 
BFL Group. 
Customer Yes
• Women
• Senior  
CitizenMultiple channels including:
• Customer satisfaction surveys 
• Customer feedback
• Regular interaction 
with customers
• Customer helpline
• Customer grievance cell
• Social Media channels
• Email/SMS
• Website/App• On-going
• Need basedServicing across the 
lifecycle of the customer, 
redressal to queries/
grievances that the 
customer may have, VOCs 
and surveys, product/ 
service offerings, ESG 
initiatives and periodic 
communication to provide 
update on various lifecycle 
events over digital 
channel. 
Government 
and 
RegulatorsNo Multiple channels including:
• Regulatory filings
• Compliance statements
• Meetings, audits
• Letters
• E-mails• Periodic
• Need basedTo provide 
recommendations or 
feedback on draft policies, 
status on adherence to 
regulatory compliance, 
and make representations 
on various subjects 
before regulators 
and associations for 
advancement and 
improvement of financial 
services industry in India.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
26 38th Annual Report  2024-25Stakeholder 	
GroupWhether 	
identified	as	
Vulnerable 	&
Marginalised
Group  
(Yes/No)Channels 	of	communication 	 
(Email,	SMS,	Newspaper,	
Pamphlets, 	Advertisement, 	
Community 	Meetings, 	Notice	
Board,	Website),	OtherFrequency	of	
engagement 	
(Annually/ 	Half	
yearly/
Quarterly / others 
–	please	specify)Purpose and scope of 
engagement 	including 	
key	topics	and	concerns	
raised	during	such	
engagement
Employees Yes
• Women
• Person(s)  
with  
Disability Multiple channels including:
• ESAT survey
• Human Resources Contact Centre 
(HRCC)
• HR pulse assessments
• Townhall – “Confluence”
• Performance appraisals, Rewards 
and recognition
• Trainings, Awareness, Emails
• OMB
• Employee engagement initiatives • On-going
• Need basedTo create a thriving, safe 
and inclusive workplace 
for its employees and 
provide merit-based 
opportunities for 
professional development 
and growth. Additionally, 
periodic communication to 
employees on Company’s 
initiatives, policies and 
awareness.
Value Chain 
PartnerNo Multiple channels including:
• In-person meetings
• Emails 
• Performance discussions
• Trainings/awareness programmes 
• Policies and processes
• Audits
• Periodical meets/ conferences – 
“Samvaad”,”Grahak Sampark”• On-going
• Need basedTo strengthen 
collaboration, enhance 
overall value delivery, and 
to build strategic, mutually 
beneficial partnerships 
across the value chain.
Society Yes Multiple channels including:
• Media and Press Releases
• Annual Reports
• CSR initiatives 
• Financial inclusion• On-going
• Need basedTo promote social welfare 
activities for inclusive 
growth, fair and equitable 
development, and  
well-being of society 
through our business 
functioning.
Leadership Indicators
1.		Provide	the	processes	for	consultation	between	stakeholders	and	the	Board	on	economic,	
environmental,	and	social	topics	or	if	consultation	is	delegated,	how	is	feedback	from	such	
consultations provided to the Board. 
  BFL Group to the extent considered necessary and permitted by regulations, ensures transparent 
communication and access to relevant information about its decisions that impact relevant stakeholders, 
keeping in mind the need to protect confidential competitive plans and information.
  Engagement with stakeholders is a continuous process, as part of BFL Group’s business activities. 
Such engagement is generally driven by the responsible business functions, with senior executives also 
participating based on the need of the engagement.
  The Board of Directors are updated on various developments arising out of such engagement and they 
provide their guidance / inputs on such matters. Through various committees, the Board receives regular 
updates on feedback from stakeholders, including but not limited to:
• The Company’s Board-level Customer Service Committee 
• The Corporate Social Responsibility Committee of the Board 
• The Risk management committee of the Board
• The Board approved ESG CommitteeP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
27 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview  As a matter of full transparency, BFL communicates key strategies of its Long-Range Strategy which 
is a 5-year rolling plan with various stakeholders through Investor Presentations, Annual Report, 
townhalls with dealers, distributors and employees, and Annual General Meeting presentation. Bajaj 
Finserv recently held its first ever Investor Day, where we presented a five year Long-Range Strategy 
for its Group Companies. This event marked a key moment in outlining the Company's future plans and 
growth trajectory.
2.		Whether	stakeholder	consultation	is	used	to	support	the	identification	and	management	of 	
environmental,	and	social	topics	(Yes	/	No).	If	so,	provide	details	of	instances	as	to	how	the	inputs 	
received 	from	stakeholders 	on	these	topics	were	incorporated 	into	policies	and	activities 	of	the	entity.	
  Yes. The Company personnel interact with key stakeholders to understand the evolution and relevance of 
ESG topics, their impact, and expectations from the Company. Based on such interactions, Over the last 
few years BFL has, enhanced it’s reporting on business responsibility and started certain new initiatives. 
BFL Group believes that it is still learning the evolving aspects of ESG and lays significant importance on 
such interactions.
3.		Provide	details	of	instances	of	engagement	with,	and	actions	taken	to,	address	the	concerns	of	
vulnerable/ 	marginalised 	stakeholder 	groups.
  BFL has identified women (customer and employees), persons with disabilities (customer and employees), 
senior citizens customers and local communities as vulnerable and marginalised stakeholder. Below are 
the key initiatives and actions taken:
• Spectrum Policy - Provides several benefits to women employees relating to safety, cab facility, travel 
policy, flexible working hours, preferential transfer policy, maternity-linked benefits, crèche benefits, etc.
• Empowering Women -  We have identified women empowerment as a key focus area, disbursing loans 
totalling more than H 120,000 crore during last 3 years.
• Elderly Assistance - Higher Fixed Deposit (FD) rates for senior citizens - additional interest of 0.40%. 
Till date approximately 9.7 lakh FDs placed.
• Women-led Branches - One of the most notable steps we have taken is the launch of Women-led 
Branches, within our gold loans department. Since April 2023, we have appointed 146 women branch 
managers entrusted with key responsibilities. This initiative marks a significant stride towards gender 
diversity and workplace inclusion.
• Financial Literacy -  In FY2025, BFL launched its Financial Literacy Programme in rural areas of 
Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, and Bihar. The programme was thoughtfully designed to build awareness on 
key financial topics, including the importance of financial planning, digital payments, fraud prevention, 
and insurance. To date, the initiative has positively impacted over 4,300 individuals, equipping them 
with essential financial knowledge.
• Some of BFL's corporate and branch offices have ramps for easy movement of differently abled people.
• We are committed to equal employment opportunities and strictly prohibit discrimination based on age, 
sex, disability, and other personal characteristics. Our dedication to inclusivity is reinforced in our Equal 
Employment Opportunity and Non-discrimination Policy.
• BFS Group (Bajaj Finserv Limited and its subsidiaries) companies through their CSR policies have taken 
up various initiatives and activities for the benefit of different segments of the society, with focus on the 
marginalised, poor, needy, deprived, under-privileged and differently abled persons. With the guidance 
of our Board-governed Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) policy, the BFS Group remains committed 
to creating value for marginalised communities, through its well-structured programs, contributing to 
their well-being and sustainable development.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
28 38th Annual Report  2024-25PRINCIPLE	5:	Businesses	should	respect	and	promote	human	rights.
Essential Indicators
1.		Employees	and	workers	who	have	been	provided	training	on	human	rights	issues	and	policy(ies)	
of	the	entity,	in	the	following	format:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total	(A)No. of 
employees 	
/	workers	
covered	(B) %	(B	/	A) Total	(C)No. of 
employees 	
/	workers	
covered	(D) %	(D/C)
Employees
Permanent 64,092 56,991 88.92% 53,782 51,737 96.20%
Other than permanent* 44,650 0 0% 30 0 0%
Total Employees 108,742 56,991 52.41% 53,812 51,737 96.14%
Workers
Permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA
Other than permanent NA NA NA NA NA NA
Total Workers NA NA NA NA NA NA
 NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require the services of workers.
  *Majority FTCEs were onboarded in Q4 FY2025, and they will be included in all mandatory compliance trainings at BFL starting next 
year.
  Note: Any employee who works in any BFL Group must adhere to its commitment to integrity and ensure the principles laid down 
in CoEPC which amongst other things includes principles of mutual respect, privacy, equal opportunities and non-discrimination, 
health, safety and environment, prevention of sexual harassment.
  Our commitment to employees’ rights is enshrined in the Employee Charter - Human Rights Statement  of BFL Group– which sets 
out what employees can reasonably expect from the Company (Employee Rights) and the responsibilities and qualities that are 
expected from them while performing their duties (Employee Responsibilities). It also lays down the principles of equal opportunity 
and non-discrimination, anti-corruption and bribery, prohibition of forced and child labour, transparency, safe, healthful and 
harassment-free workplace, amongst others.
  BFL runs ESG awareness programs for its employees to create awareness on ESG initiatives for its employees through use of social 
media as well as internal communication channels.
2.	 Details	of	minimum	wages	paid	to	employees	and	workers,	in	the	following	format:
CategoryFY2025 FY2024
Total 
(A)Equal	to	  
Minimum 	WageMore than  
Minimum 	Wage
Total 
(D)Equal	to	  
Minimum 	WageMore than 
Minimum 	Wage
No.	(B) %	(B	/	A) No.	(C) %	(C	/	A) No.	(E) %	(E	/	D) No.	(F) %	(F	/	D)
Employees
Permanent
Male 60,128 Nil Nil 60,128 100% 50,547 125 0.25% 50,422 99.75%
Female 3,964 Nil Nil 3,964 100% 3,235 3 0.09% 3,232 99.91%
Other	than	Permanent
Male 40,929 20,886 51.03% 20,043 48.97% 17 NA NA NA NA
Female 3,721 1,736 46.65% 1,985 53.35% 13 NA NA NA NA
Workers*
Permanent
Male NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Female NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Other	than	Permanent
Male NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
Female NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA NA
*BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
29 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview3.	 Details 	of	remuneration/salary/wages
a)	 Median 	remuneration 	/	wages:
Male Female
NumberMedian	remuneration/ 	
salary/wages 	of	
respective 	category
(K	in	crore) NumberMedian	remuneration/ 	
salary/wages 	of	
respective 	category
(K	in	crore)
BoD – Whole-time Director/ 
Executive Director^*2 40.71 0 0
BoD - non-executive Directors^* 8 0.95 1 0.96
Key Managerial Personnel^* 2 8.48 0 0
Employees other than BoD and 
KMP^#70,241 0.07 4,640 0.07
Workers NA NA NA NA
*Data pertains to BFL only. 
^The above remuneration is inclusive of fair value of options granted as per black Scholes model.
#Data pertains to Permanent employees of BFL Group 
NA: BFL Group is engaged in financial services businesses which do not require services of workers. 
b)	 Gross	wages	paid	to	females	as	%	of	total	wages	paid	by	the	entity,	in	the	following	format:
FY2025 FY2024
Gross wages paid to females as % of total wages 6.48% 5.90%
 Data pertains to Permanent employees.
4.		Do	you	have	a	focal	point	(Individual/	Committee)	responsible	for	addressing	human	rights	
impacts	or	issues	caused	or	contributed	to	by	the	business?	(Yes/No)
 Yes.
5.	 Describe	the	internal	mechanisms	in	place	to	redress	grievances	related	to	human	rights	issues.
  While BFL Group aims to not have a situation that leads to any grievance; should such a situation arise, 
BFL Group has a well-defined grievance redressal mechanism for its employees which are governed 
through CoEPC, employee charter, disciplinary action, whistle-blower and vigil mechanism policies. A 
formal grievance mechanism is available to all employees, to report or raise their concerns confidentially 
and anonymously, without fear of any retaliation. Additionally, BFL has dedicated channels such as Human 
Resource Contact Centre (HRCC), HR Pulse connects and Central Emergency Service Desk (CESD) 
wherein all the grievances, emergencies and incidents can be reported.
  BFL Group regards respect for human rights as one of its fundamental and core values and strives to 
support, protect, and promote human rights to ensure that fair and ethical business and employment 
practices are followed.
  BFL Group has a Board approved Disciplinary Action Policy (DAP) and Board delegated Disciplinary Action 
Committee (DAC) to address the grievances of its employees. It enables employees to work without fear 
of prejudice, gender discrimination and harassment. BFL Group has zero tolerance towards any non-
compliance of these principles.
  BFL Group believes that every workplace shall be free from violence, harassment, intimidation and/or any 
other unsafe or disruptive conditions, either due to external or internal threats. Accordingly, BFL Group 
has aimed to provide reasonable safeguards for the benefit of employees at the workplace, while having 
due regard for their privacy and dignity. BFL Group also has zero tolerance towards and prohibits all forms 
of slavery, coerced labour, child labour, human trafficking, violence or physical, sexual, psychological, or 
verbal abuse. As a matter of policy, BFL Group does not hire any employee or engage with any agent or 
vendor against their free will.
  Across the BFL Group, Designated Ethics Officer at each Company deals with the issues of the respective 
Company. BFL Group employees must promptly report any violation of this Code to their Manager and to 
the Ethics Officer.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
30 38th Annual Report  2024-256.	 Number	of	Complaints	on	the	following	made	by	employees	and	workers:
FY2025 FY2024
Filed	
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution 
at the
end of year RemarksFiled	
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution 
at the
end of year Remarks
Sexual Harassment 10 1 - 9 3 Pending 
complaints 
have been 
resolved 
by 24 April 
2024
Discrimination at workplace 0 0 - 0 0 -
Child Labour 0 0 - 0 0 -
Forced Labour/ Involuntary Labour 0 0 - 0 0 -
Wages 0 0 - 0 0 -
Other human rights related issues 0 0 - 0 0 -
  Note: To prevent and address POSH cases, the Company conducted mandatory training for all employees via digital campaigns, 
classroom sessions, 'Respectful, Inclusive & Safe Work Environment Awareness Series (RISE)', and OMB, enriched with real-life case 
studies to enhance awareness.
7.		Complaints	filed	under	the	Sexual	Harassment	of	Women	at	Workplace	(Prevention,	Prohibition	
and	Redressal)	Act,	2013,	in	the	following	format:
FY2025 FY2024
Total Complaints reported under Sexual Harassment on of Women at Workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, 2013 (POSH)10 9
Complaints on POSH as a % of female employees / workers 0.18% 0.34%
Complaints on POSH upheld 9* 6
 *Pertains exclusively to the complaints raised in FY2025. 
 Note: Complaints pending resolution in FY2024 were resolved by 24 April 2024.
8.		Mechanisms	to	prevent	adverse	consequences	to	the	complainant	in	discrimination	and	
harassment	cases.	
   A formal grievance mechanism is available to all employees to report or raise their concerns confidentially 
and anonymously, without fear of retaliation, along with mechanism to consult on ethical issues through 
the explicit means provided by CoEPC, Employee Charter, Disciplinary Action, Whistle-Blower and Vigil 
mechanism policies. BFL Group prohibits retaliation against any employee who reports in good faith 
any suspected or potential violation of the Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct of the Company which 
includes aspects of discrimination and harassment.
  It is the duty of every employee to report instances of possible CoEPC violations that they are aware of. 
At BFL Group, sharing a possible concern about the Code, honestly and in good faith, even if it turns out 
to be unfounded – is never an excuse for any kind of retaliation. The Ethics Officers will ensure CoEPC 
investigations are conducted in a fair and confidential manner and that there will not be any adverse 
impact on employees who highlight possible CoEPC violations in good faith.
  BFL Group also prohibits retaliation for using any of BFL’s complaint reporting procedures, if made in good 
faith, or for filing, testifying, assisting, or participating in any investigation conducted by a government 
enforcement agency.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
31 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview9.	 Do	human	rights	requirements	form	part	of	your	business	agreements	and	contracts?	(Yes/No)
  Yes. BFL Group appreciates the inherent, universal, indivisible, inalienable and interdependent nature of 
human rights.
  BFL Group has a Suppliers’ Code of Conduct and adheres to the same, that emphasises the importance 
of human rights. This Code sets clear expectations for suppliers to respect and uphold fundamental 
human rights throughout their operations. It outlines specific guidelines to ensure that labour practices are 
ethical, safe, and non-discriminatory, promoting fair treatment and dignity for all individuals involved in the 
supply chain.
  Accordingly, BFL Group has included ESG specific clauses and reference of Suppliers’ Code of Conduct, 
which covers the general human rights parameters in the vendor contracts.
10.	 Assessments	for	the	year:
%	of	your	plants	and	offices	that	were	assessed	(by	entity	or	statutory	
authorities	or	third	parties)	
Child labour  BFL Group expects and strives to influence its employees to adhere and respect 
human rights values and principles. BFL through its Own My Branch (OMB) program 
interacts with employees at branches to assesses any work and human rights 
related issues. Forced/involuntary labour  
Sexual harassment 
Discrimination at workplace 
Wages 
Others – please specify 
11.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	actions	taken	or	underway	to	address	significant	risks	/	
concerns	arising	from	the	assessments	at	Question	10	above.
  Based on its ongoing reviews of human resource practices, BFL Group did not find any significant 
risk/ concerns in the above areas during the year under review and accordingly no corrective actions 
were warranted.
Leadership Indicators
1.		Details	of	a	business	process	being	modified/	introduced	as	a	result	of	addressing	human	rights	
grievances/ 	complaints. 		
  There have been no significant human rights grievances/ complaints warranting modification/ introduction 
of business processes. However, we have instituted Suppliers’ Code of Conduct, CoEPC, Employee Charter 
policy that outlines our commitment to Human Rights.
2.	 Details	of	the	scope	and	coverage	of	any	Human	rights	due	diligence	conducted.	
  BFL Group has a robust mechanism to track human rights related queries and grievances raised by the 
employees. All complaints raised are tracked and considered for timely resolution. In addition, BFL Group 
expects and strives to influence its stakeholders to adhere to the same values, principles and business 
ethics upheld by BFL Group in all their dealings.
3.		Is	the	premise/office	of	the	entity	accessible	to	differently	abled	visitors,	as	per	the	requirements	
of	the	Rights	of	Persons	with	Disabilities	Act,	2016?	
  BFL Group has over the years made a conscious effort to digitize its customer service framework. The 
Group has made considerable headway in minimising in-person customer interactions. It has mapped the 
entire lifecycle of the customer interactions and made available all possible customer requests, such as, 
soft copy of agreements, repayment schedules, yearly interest certificates, statements of accounts, loan 
closure and no dues certificates, release of hypothecation and mortgages, deposit receipts, etc., in a digital 
mode. These service requests being fulfilled digitally obviate the need for customer visits to BFL offices. 
  Some of BFL’s offices and branches are designed to ensure accessibility for differently abled visitors, 
Additionally, 380+ branches and offices are equipped with wheelchairs, and 3,100+ branches are equipped 
with magnifying glass to foster an inclusive environment.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
32 38th Annual Report  2024-254.	 Details	on	assessment	of	value	chain	partners:
%	of	value	chain	partners	(by	value	of	business	done	with	such	partners)	
that	were	assessed	
Sexual Harassment 
Please refer note belowDiscrimination at workplace 
Child Labour 
Forced Labour/Involuntary 
Labour 
Wages 
Others – please specify 
Note: As per our service provider audit process, the Company has set metrics and processes for assessing high and medium risk 
category on these parameters. BFL Group expects and strives to influence its value chain partners to adhere to the same values, 
principles and business ethics upheld by BFL Group in all their dealings. No specific assessment in respect of value chain partners 
has been carried out, other than certain elements covered in annual review of processes and controls of select high-risk category 
corporate value chain partners by the Company.
5.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	actions	taken	or	underway	to	address	significant	risks/	concerns	
arising	from	the	assessments	at	Question	4	above.
  BFL has a detailed vendor audit checklist as part of its outsourcing compliance framework that is designed 
to undertake risk assessment of the vendor. Basis the risk assessment, audit findings are classified as 
satisfactory, critical, non-critical and improvement opportunity. P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
33 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewPrinciple	6:	Businesses	should	respect	and	make	efforts	to	protect	and	restore	the	environment.	
Essential Indicators
1.		Details	of	total	energy	consumption	(in	Joules	or	multiples)	and	energy	intensity,	in	the	following	
format:
Parameter Unit	of	Measurement FY2025 FY2024
From	renewable	sources
Total electricity consumption (A) Gigajoules 733.05 2,155.51
Total fuel consumption (B) Gigajoules - -
Energy consumption through
other sources (C)Gigajoules - -
Total	energy	consumed 	from	renewable 	
sources	(A+B+C)	Gigajoules 733.05 2,155.51
From	non-renewable	sources
Total electricity consumption (D) Gigajoules 175,325.97 145,867.16
Total fuel consumption (E) Gigajoules 64,803.22 47,834.12
Energy consumption through other sources (F) Gigajoules - -
Total	energy 	consumed	 from	non-renewable	
sources	(D+E+F)Gigajoules 240,129.19 193,701.28
Total	energy	consumed	(A+B+C+D+E+F) Gigajoules 240,862.24 195,856.78
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover (Total 
energy consumed / Revenue from operations)Gigajoules per crore of 
consolidated total revenue 
from operations3.45 3.56
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP)
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)Gigajoules per crore of 
consolidated total revenue 
from operations adjusted 
for PPP71.37 79.79
Energy intensity in terms of physical output 
Energy intensity - (Total energy consumed /
Average FTE)Gigajoules per average FTE 3.44 4.04
Energy intensity (optional) -  (Total energy 
consumed / Consolidated total loan portfolio)Gigajoules per crore of 
consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.59 0.60
  Note: For the purpose of calculation of intensity, conversion factor of 20.66 INR/USD has been considered for adjusted purchasing 
power parity (PPP) as per International Monetary Fund (IMF) FY2025.
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/	assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.
  Yes. An independent reasonable assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
2.		Does	the	entity	have	any	sites	/	facilities	identified	as	designated	consumers	(DCs)	under	the	
Performance,	Achieve	and	Trade	(PAT)	Scheme	of	the	Government	of	India?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	disclose	
whether	targets	set	under	the	PAT	scheme	have	been	achieved.	In	case	targets	have	not	been	
achieved,	provide	the	remedial	action	taken,	if	any.
 Given the nature of business of BFL Group, the same is not applicable.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
34 38th Annual Report  2024-253.	 Provide	details	of	the	following	disclosures	related	to	water,	in	the	following	format:
Parameter FY2025 FY2024
Water	withdrawal	by 	source	(in	kiloliters)
(i)  Surface water - -
(ii)  Groundwater - -
(iii)  Third party water - -
(iv)  Seawater/desalinated Water - -
(v) Others - -
Total	volume	of	water	withdrawal	(in	kiloliters)	(i+ii+iii+iv+v) - -
Total	volume	of	water	consumption	(in	kiloliters) 856,861.65 573,814.06
Water	intensity 	per	rupee	of 	turnover 	(Total water consumption / Revenue 
from operations in crore)12.29 10.44
Water	intensity 	per	rupee	of 	turnover 	adjusted	 for	Purchasing	Power 	
Parity	(PPP)	 (Total water consumption / Revenue from operations in crore 
adjusted for PPP)253.89 233.77
Water	intensity 	in	terms	of 	physical	output
(Total water consumption / Average FTE)12.22 11.84
Water	intensity 	(optional) 	–	(Total water consumption / Consolidated total 
loan portfolio in crore)2.10 1.76
 Notes:
 a)  The quantity of water (in litres) per employee derived from the available data is in line with CGWA Guidelines- "Estimation of 
Water Requirement for Drinking and Domestic Use” which provides for “45 litres per person per working day”. 
 b)  Total water consumption is derived considering total average head count, total working days and water requirement per person 
per working day as specified in point a.
 c)  For the purpose of calculation of intensity, conversion factor of 20.66 INR/USD has been considered for adjusted purchasing 
power parity (PPP) as per International Monetary Fund (IMF) FY2025.
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency
  Yes. An independent reasonable assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
4.	 Provide	the	following	details	related	to	water	discharged:
Parameter 	 FY2025 FY2024
Water	discharge	by 	destination	and	level	of 	treatment	(in	kiloliters)	
(i) To Surface water - -
 No treatment - - -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(ii) To Groundwater - -
 No treatment - - -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iii) To Seawater - -
 No treatment - - -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(iv) Sent to third parties - -
 No treatment - - -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
(v) Others - -
 No treatment - - -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment - -
Total	water	discharged	(in	kilolitres) - -
 Note: Currently we do not monitor water discharge.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
35 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/	assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency:
 Yes. An independent reasonable assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
5.		Has	the	entity	implemented	a	mechanism	for	Zero	Liquid	Discharge?	If	yes,	provide	details	of	its	
coverage 	and	implementation. 	
 Zero liquid discharge is not applicable to BFL Group given the nature of its business. 
6.		Please	provide	details	of	air	emissions	(other	than	GHG	emissions)	by	the	entity,	in	the	following	
format:
Parameter Please specify unit FY2025 FY2024
NOx
Please refer note belowSOx
Particulate matter (PM)
Persistent organic pollutants (POP)
Volatile organic compounds (VOC)
Hazardous air pollutants (HAP)
Others-Please specify 
Note: As a financial services company, air emissions from our operations are not significant. However, we do monitor our GHG 
emissions which have been appropriately disclosed in this Report.
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/	assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.
 Yes. An independent limited assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
7.		Provide	details	of	greenhouse	gas	emissions	(Scope	1	and	Scope	2	emissions)	&	its	intensity,	in	
the	following	format:
Parameter Unit FY2025 FY2024
Total Scope 1 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent6,169.13 4,784.59
Total Scope 2 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent35,483.10 28,908.06
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions intensity 
per rupee of turnover
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / 
Revenue from operations)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per crore of 
consolidated total revenue 
from operations0.60 0.61
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
per rupee of turnover adjusted for Purchasing 
Power Parity (PPP)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / 
Revenue from operations adjusted for PPP)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per crore of 
consolidated total revenue 
from operations adjusted 
for PPP12.34 13.73
Total	Scope	1	and	Scope	2	emission	intensity 	in	
terms	of 	physical	output	
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emission / 
Average FTE)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per average FTE0.59 0.69
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission intensity 
(optional) 
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emission /
Consolidated total loan portfolio)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per crore of 
consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.10 0.10
  Note: For the purpose of calculation of intensity, conversion factor of 20.66 INR/USD has been considered for adjusted purchasing 
power parity (PPP) as per International Monetary Fund (IMF) FY2025.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
36 38th Annual Report  2024-25		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/	assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.	
  Yes. An independent reasonable assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
8.		Does	the	entity	have	any	project	related	to	reducing	Green	House	Gas	emission?	If	Yes,	then	
provide details.
  Yes. BFL remains committed to implement meaningful and system-driven changes to reduce the 
greenhouse gas (GHG) intensity of its operations. BFL has undertaken various projects on environmental 
sustainability such as:
• Reducing Paper Consumption: It has been an endeavour of BFL over last many years to keep reducing 
paper consumption across all its business operations.
• Rooftop Solar Power Generation: BFL is endeavouring to reduce its GHG emissions pertaining to its 
office activities through installation of rooftop solar power generation capacity. Till date Rooftop solar 
power plants with an installed capacity of over 620 KW has been commissioned.
• BFL has replaced inter office travel shuttles with 20 Electric Vehicles (EVs).
• BFL is making a significant transformation in its business operations through its ‘Omnichannel Strategy’ 
which enables customer with various Do-it-anywhere and Do-it-yourself options for servicing and 
buying needs thereby reducing the need for travel, resulting in saving in GHG emissions. In FY2025, BFL 
has seen a decline in walk-ins owing to the increasing digital presence.
• BFL Group has planted more than 545,000 saplings till date.
9.	 Provide	details	related	to	waste	management	by	the	entity,	in	the	following	format:
ParameterFY2025
(in	Metric	
tonnes)FY2024 	
(in	Metric	
tonnes)
Total	waste	generated	(in	metric	 tonnes)
Plastic waste (A) - -
E-waste (B) 34.24 22.51
Bio-medical waste (C) 0.02 -
Construction and demolition waste (D) - -
Battery waste (E) 92.74 19.35
Radioactive waste (F) - -
Other Hazardous waste. Please specify, if any (G) - -
Other Non-hazardous waste generated (H). Please specify if any (Break-up by 
composition i.e by materials relevant to the sector)- -
Total	(A+B+C+D+E+F+G+H) 127.00 41.86
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total waste generated / Revenue 
from operations in crore)0.0018 0.0008
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted for  Purchasing Power 
Parity (PPP)  (Total waste generated / Revenue from operations in crore 
adjusted for PPP)0.038 0.017
Waste intensity in terms of physical output  (Total waste generated / 
Average FTE)0.002 0.001
Waste intensity (optional) (Total waste generated / Consolidated total loan 
portfolio in crore)0.0003 0.0001
For	each	category 	of	waste	generated,	 total	waste	recovered	 through	recycling-using	or 	other	recovery 	
operations	(in	metric	 tonnes)
Category 	of	waste
(i) Recycled 112.40 41.86
(ii) Re-used - -
(iii) Other recovery operations 14.58 -
Total 126.98 41.86P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
37 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewParameterFY2025
(in	Metric	
tonnes)FY2024 	
(in	Metric	
tonnes)
	For	each	category 	of	waste	generated,	 total	waste	disposed	by 	nature	of 	disposal	method	(in	metric	
tonnes)
Category 	of	waste
(i) Incineration 0.004 -
(ii) Landfilling - -
(iii) Other disposal operations (Safe disposal) 0.018 -
Total 0.022 -
 Notes:
 1.  The categories of waste generated, and their treatment bifurcation are provided below:
  a)  Battery waste: A total of 92.74 metric tonne of waste was generated, of which 86.50 metric tonne was recycled and 
6.24 metric tonne was safely disposed of for FY2025.
  b)  E-waste: A total of 34.24 metric tonne of waste was generated, of which 25.90 metric tonne was recycled and 8.34 
metric tonne was safely disposed of for FY2025.
  c)  Bio-Medical Waste: A total of 22.07 kg of waste was generated, of which 4.24 kg was incinerated, 17.43 kg was 
autoclaved/shredded, and 0.40 kg was disinfected/mutilated for FY2025.
 2.  For the purpose of calculation of intensity, conversion factor of 20.66 INR/USD has been considered for adjusted purchasing 
power parity (PPP) as per International Monetary Fund (IMF) FY2025
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.
  Yes. An independent reasonable assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
10.		Briefly	describe	the	waste	management	practices	adopted	in	your	establishments.	Describe	the	
strategy	adopted	by	your	Company	to	reduce	usage	of	hazardous	and	toxic	chemicals	in	your	
products	and	processes	and	the	practices	adopted	to	manage	such	wastes.	
  Given the nature of the business, there is no usage of hazardous and toxic chemicals by BFL Group 
companies. BFL Group has systems in place to manage E-waste, Battery waste and engages with certified 
waste handlers for disposal.
  34.24 Metric Tonnes of E-waste and 92.74 Metric Tonnes of Battery waste generated has been handed 
over to authorised vendors in FY2025. BFL Group has received green, and re-cycling certificates from the 
respective E-waste and Battery waste handlers.
11.		If	the	entity	has	operations/	offices	in/	around	ecologically	sensitive	areas	(such	as	national	
parks,	wildlife	sanctuaries,	biosphere	reserves,	wetlands,	biodiversity	hotspots,	forests,	coastal	
regulation	zones	etc.)	where	environmental	approvals/	clearances	are	required,	please	specify	
details	in	the	following	format:	
Sr. 
No.Location of 
operations/offices Type of operationsWhether	the	conditions	of	environmental	approval	/	
clearance	are	being	complied	with?	(Y/N)	If	no,	the	
reasons	thereof	and	corrective	action	taken,	if	any
NA
12.		Details	of	environmental	impact	assessments	of	projects	undertaken	by	the	entity	based	on	
applicable	laws,	in	the	current	financial	year:	
Name	and	
brief	details	
of	projectEIA 
Notification 	
No. DateWhether 	conducted 	
by	independent 	
external 	agency	
(Yes	/	No)Results 
communicated 	
in	public	domain	
(Yes	/	No) Relevant 	Web-link
NAP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
38 38th Annual Report  2024-2513.		Is	the	entity	compliant	with	the	applicable	environmental	law/	regulations/	guidelines	in	India,	
such	as	the	Water	(Prevention	and	Control	of	Pollution)	Act,	Air	(Prevention	and	Control	of	
Pollution)	Act,	Environment	protection	act	and	rules	thereunder	(Y/N).		If	not,	provide	details	of	
all	such	non-compliances,	in	the	following	format:	
Sr. 
No.Specify	the	law	/	
regulation 	/	guidelines 	
which	was	not	complied	
withProvide details of  
the	non-complianceAny	fines	/	penalties	/	
action	taken	by	regulatory	
agencies 	such	as	pollution 	
control	boards	or	by	courtsCorrective 
action	taken	  
if any
BFL Group is in compliance with all relevant environmental norms applicable to the nature of its business.
Leadership Indicators
1.	 Water	withdrawal,	consumption	and	discharge	in	areas	of	water	stress	(in	kilolitres):
 For each facility / plant located in areas of water stress, provide the following information: 
 (i)  Name of the area
 (ii)  Nature of operations
 (iii)  Water withdrawal, consumption and discharge in the following format:
Parameter FY2025 FY2024
Water	withdrawal	by 	source	(in	kilolitres)
Given the nature of business, the 
same is not relevant(i)  Surface water 
(ii)  Groundwater
(iii)  Third party water 
(iv)  Seawater/desalinated Water
(v) Others 
Total	volume	of	water	withdrawal	(in	kiloliters)	(i+ii+iii+iv+v)
Total	volume	of	water	consumption	(in	kiloliters)
Water intensity per rupee of turnover (Water consumed/turnover)
Water intensity  (optional)-the relevant metric may be selected by the entity
Water	discharge	by 	destination	and	level	of 	treatment	(in	kiloliters)
(i) Into Surface water
 No treatment -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(ii) Into Groundwater
 No treatment -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iii) Into Seawater
 No treatment -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(iv) Sent to third parties
 No treatment -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment
(v) Others
 No treatment -
 With treatment – please specify level of treatment
Total	water	discharged	(in	kilolitres)
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.
 Yes. An independent limited assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
39 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview2.	 Please	provide	details	of	total	Scope	3	emissions	&	its	intensity,	in	the	following	format:		
Parameter Unit FY2025 FY2024
Total Scope 3 emissions
(Break-up of the GHG into CO2, CH4, N2O, HFCs, 
PFCs, SF6, NF3, if available)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent 20,452.05 15,292.23
Total Scope 3 emissions per rupee of turnover
(Total Scope 3 GHG emissions / Revenue from 
operations)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per crore 
of consolidated total 
revenue from operations 0.29 0.28
Total Scope 3 emission intensity in terms of 
physical output Total Scope 3 emission intensity - 
(Total Scope 3 GHG emission / Average FTE)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per average 
FTE0.29 0.32
Total Scope 3 emissions per crore of 
consolidated Total Loan Portfolio  Total Scope 
3 emission intensity - (Total Scope 3 emission /
Consolidated total loan portfolio)Metric tonnes of CO2 
equivalent per crore of 
consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.05 0.05
		Note:	Indicate	if	any	independent	assessment/	evaluation/assurance	has	been	carried	out	by	an	
external	agency?	(Y/N)	If	yes,	name	of	the	external	agency.	
  Yes. An independent limited assurance has been carried out by SGS India Private Limited for FY2025.
3.		With	respect	to	the	ecologically	sensitive	areas	reported	at	Question	11	of	Essential	Indicators	
above,	provide	details	of	significant	direct	&	indirect	impact	of	the	entity	on	biodiversity	in	such	
areas	along-with 	prevention 	and	remediation 	activities. 		
 Not Applicable.
4.		If	the	entity	has	undertaken	any	specific	initiatives	or	used	innovative	technology	or	solutions	
to	improve	resource	efficiency,	or	reduce	impact	due	to	emissions/	effluent	discharge/	waste	
generated,	please	provide	details	of	the	same	as	well	as	outcome	of	such	initiatives,	as	per	the	
following 	format:
Sr. 
No.Initiative 	undertakenDetails	of	the	initiative	(Web-link,	if	any,	  
may	be	provided	along-with	summary)Outcome	of	the	
initiative
1. Rooftop Solar Installation Rooftop solar at total of 7 locations, with a total 
capacity of over 620 KW.Resulting in avoidance 
of over 145 tCO2e during 
FY2025.
2. EV Shuttle 20 environment friendly Electric Vehicles (EVs) for 
inter-office shuttle services, significantly reducing air 
pollution and improving local air quality.Traveling around 4.5 lakh 
kilometres and completing 
around 1.8 lakh trips 
during FY2025 avoiding 
~52 tco2e.
3. Tree Plantation To restore the environment, promote biodiversity, 
and mitigate climate change, BFL Group 
spearheaded a tree plantation initiative that has 
seen the successful planting of more than 200,000 
saplings during the year.Making a cleaner 
environment by absorption 
of Carbon Dioxide.
4. Digitalisation Through various initiatives, BFL Group in the last 
three years, reduced consumption by over 610 crore 
sheets of paper.Saving around 7.3 lakh 
trees over the last three 
years.
5. Recycling/Safe disposal 
of E-waste and Battery 
wasteBFL Group is dedicated to ensuring that none of its 
waste ends up in landfills and is fully committed to 
recycling/safely disposing all E-waste and Battery 
waste.Resulting in avoidance of 
126.98 tonnes of waste in 
landfill during FY2025.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
40 38th Annual Report  2024-255.		Does	the	entity	have	a	business	continuity	and	disaster	management	plan?	Give	details	in	100	
words/web-link. 		
  Yes. BFL has a business continuity strategy and framework (in the form of IT BCP, Operations BCP and 
Premises BCP) which is also compliant with applicable regulatory requirements and includes disaster 
management protocols. BCP envisages likely disruptive events, their probability and their impact on 
business operations which is assessed through business impact analysis. It aims to eliminate or minimise 
any potential disruption to critical business operations. It also includes Disaster Recovery (DR) procedures 
to quickly recover from an emergency. Annual BCP and DR drills are conducted to ensure that they are 
effective under the present business processes, infrastructure, personnel, etc.
6.		Disclose	any	significant	adverse	impact	to	the	environment,	arising	from	the	value	chain	of	the	
entity.	What	mitigation	or	adaptation	measures	have	been	taken	by	the	entity	in	this	regard.
  BFL Group expects and influences all its value chain partners to follow extant environment regulations 
as may be applicable to them. Further, BFL periodically creates awareness amongst value chain partners 
about importance of environment.
7.		Percentage	of	value	chain	partners	(by	value	of	business	done	with	such	partners)	that	were	
assessed 	for	environmental 	impacts.
  Currently, we do not assess environmental impacts for our value chain partners. However, we encourage 
our value chain partners to proactively align their business operations to environmental best practices.
8.	 How	many	Green	Credits	have	been	generated	or	procured:
 a)  By the listed entity – Nil
 b)   By the top ten (in terms of value of purchases and sales, respectively) value chain partners – 
Not AssessedP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
41 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewPRINCIPLE 	7:	Businesses, 	when	engaging 	in	influencing 	public	and	regulatory 	policy,	should	do	so	
in	a	manner	that	is	responsible	and	transparent.	
Essential Indicators
1.	 a)		 Number	of	affiliations	with	trade	and	industry	chambers/	associations.
   BFL through its parent company i.e. BFS is a member of 2 trade and industry chambers/ associations. 
Additionally, BFSL, a wholly-owned subsidiary of BFL is a member of Bombay Stock Exchange 
Brokers' Forum (BBF) and Association of Mutual Funds of India (AMFI). It proactively contributes to 
the discussions and resolutions within the scope of these forums. 
	 b)	 	List	the	top	10	trade	and	industry	chambers/associations	(determined	based	on	the	total	
members	of	such	body)	the	entity	is	a	member	of/affiliated	to.	
Sr. 
No.Name	of	the	trade	and	industry	
chambers/associationsCompany 	
NameReach	of	trade	and	industry 	chambers/
associations 	(State/National)
1 Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) BFS National
2 World Economic Forum BFS International
3 Bombay Stock Exchange Brokers' Forum 
(BBF)BFSL National
4 Association of Mutual Funds of India 
(AMFI)BFSL National
2.		Provide	details	of	corrective	action	taken	or	underway	on	any	issues	related	to	anticompetitive	
conduct	by	the	entity,	based	on	adverse	orders	from	regulatory	authorities.		
Name	of	Authority Brief of case Corrective 	action	taken
Please refer note below
  Note: BFL Group had no adverse orders from any regulatory authorities relating to anticompetitive activities. Hence, no corrective 
action was necessitated by the Group during the year under review.
Leadership Indicators
1.	 Details	of	public	policy	positions	advocated	by	the	entity:	
Sr. 
No.Public	policy	
advocatedMethod 
resorted for 
such advocacyWhether 	
information 	
available 	in	public	
domain? 	(Yes/No)Frequency	of	Review	
by	Board	(Annually/	
Half yearly/ Quarterly / 
Others	–	please	specify)Web-Link,	if	
available
Please refer note below
  Note: BFL proactively shares its views on formulating new industry standards or regulatory developments pertaining to the NBFC 
sector. In doing so, the Company strives to balance the interest of various stakeholders. BFL engages regularly with Government 
agencies and Regulators and remain steadfastly committed to providing timely and accurate information, suggestions and 
recommendations, feedback on draft policies, etc. as and when required. During such interactions, the Company also discusses 
areas of focus and concerns. 
  BFL ’s participation in the public and regulatory policy development process encompasses providing suggestions on draft 
notifications, and interactions with various bodies / regulators on matters significant to the industry and the society at large. BFL also 
gives recommendations from time to time, to various regulators in the larger interest of the industry.
  Additionally, BFS Group is a member of various trade and industry chambers, associations, councils, and such other collective 
platforms (‘forums’). It proactively contributes to various discussions and resolutions within the scope of these forums. BFS is a 
member of the World Economic Forum and CII, through which it actively engages in policy advocacy. P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
42 38th Annual Report  2024-25PRINCIPLE 	8:	Businesses 	should	promote 	inclusive 	growth	and	equitable 	development. 	
Essential Indicators
1.		Details	of	Social	Impact	Assessments	(SIA)	of	projects	undertaken	by	the	entity	based	on	
applicable	laws,	in	the	current	financial	year:	
Name	and	
brief	details	of	
projectSIA 
Notification 	
No.Date of 
notificationWhether 	
conducted	by	
independent 
external 	agency	
(Yes	/	No)Results 
communicated 	in	
public	domain	 
(Yes	/	No)Relevant 
Web-link
NA
2.		Provide	information	on	project(s)	for	which	ongoing	Rehabilitation	and	Resettlement	(R&R)	is	
being	undertaken	by	your	entity,	in	the	following	format:	
Sr. 
No.Name	of	Project	
for	which	R&R	
is	ongoing State DistrictNo.	of	Project	Affected	
Families 	(PAFs)%	of	PAFs	
covered	by	R&RAmounts 	paid	
to	PAFs	in	the	
FY	(In	 K)
NA
3.	 Describe	the	mechanisms	to	receive	and	redress	grievances	of	the	community.	
  The BFL Group has various mechanisms to receive and redress grievances of various stakeholders. 
Additionally local community can share their concerns for BFL at bflcommunity.grievance@bajajfinserv.
in. All submissions received through this email are reviewed and handled by the relevant department in 
compliance with applicable laws and regulations.
4.	 Percentage	of	input	material	(inputs	to	total	inputs	by	value)	sourced	from	suppliers:
FY2025 FY2024
Directly sourced from MSMEs/ small producers 4.57% 7.16%
Directly from within India 99.38% 99.63%
 Note: Data reported on standalone basis. Numbers for FY2024 restated accordingly.
5.		Job	creation	in	smaller	towns	–	Disclose	wages	paid	to	persons	employed	(including	employees	
or	workers	employed	on	a	permanent	or	non-permanent	/	on	contract	basis)	in	the	following	
locations,	as	%	of	total	wage	cost.
Location FY2025 FY2024
Rural 3.17% 1.50%
Semi-urban 13.04% 9.37%
Urban 23.36% 25.10%
Metropolitan 60.43% 64.03%
 Note 1: Locations are categorised as per RBI Classification System - rural / semi-urban / urban / metropolitan.
 Note 2: Above data pertains to Permanent employees.
Leadership Indicators
1.		Provide	details	of	actions	taken	to	mitigate	any	negative	social	impacts	identified	in	the	Social	
Impact	Assessments	(Reference:	Question	1	of	Essential	Indicators	above):
Details	of	negative 	social	impact	identified Corrective 	action	taken
NAP1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
43 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview2.		Provide	the	following	information	on	CSR	projects	undertaken	by	your	entity	in	designated	
aspirational 	districts 	as	identified 	by	government 	bodies:
Sr. 
No. State Aspirational DistrictAmount 	
spent  
(In	INR)*
1 Andhra Pradesh Visakhapatnam 1,760,000
2 Assam Udalguri 11,673,144
3 Bihar Gaya 2,995,288
4 Jharkhand Ranchi 1,876,000
5 Kerala Wayanad 20,000,000
6 Maharashtra Gadchiroli 25,170,517
7 Maharashtra Nandurbar 3,420,816
8 Maharashtra Osmanabad 1,161,450
9 Maharashtra Washim 579,390
10Odisha Dhenkanal 1,668,069
11Odisha Gajapati 3,259,461
12 Rajasthan Dhaulpur 899,902
13 Rajasthan Jaisalmer 928,421
14 Rajasthan Karauli 870,874
15 Rajasthan Sirohi 59,540
*The amount mentioned is for the project which runs for a span of period as per the agreed terms.
3.	 (a)	 	Do	you	have	a	preferential	procurement	policy	where	you	give	preference	to	purchase	from	
suppliers 	comprising 	marginalised 	/vulnerable 	groups? 	(Yes/No)
	 (b)		From	which	marginalised	/vulnerable	groups	do	you	procure?
	 (c)		What	percentage	of	total	procurement	(by	value)	does	it	constitute?
  Not Applicable.
4.		Details	of	the	benefits	derived	and	shared	from	the	intellectual	properties	owned	or	acquired	by	
your	entity	(in	the	current	financial	year),	based	on	traditional	knowledge:
Sr. 
No.Intellectual 	Property 	based	on	
traditional 	knowledgeOwned/	Acquired	
(Yes/No)Benefit	shared	
(Yes	/	No)Basis	of	calculating 	
benefit	share
NA
5.		Details	of	corrective	actions	taken	or	underway,	based	on	any	adverse	order	in	intellectual	
property 	related	disputes 	wherein 	usage	of	traditional 	knowledge 	is	involved
Name	of	authority Brief of the Case Corrective 	action	taken
No corrective actions pertaining to above mentioned parameters was necessitated by BFL Group during 
the year under review.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
44 38th Annual Report  2024-256.	 Details	of	beneficiaries	of	CSR	Projects:
Sr. 
No.CSR	ProjectNo. of persons 
benefitted 	 
from	CSR	project%	of	beneficiaries	
from	vulnerable 	and	
marginalised 	groups
1 Child - Education 557,065
Please refer note below2 Child - Health 59,904
3 Child - Physical and Intellectual Disabilities 490,225
4 Child - Prevention of Mortality 435,050
5 Child - Protection 70,066
6Others - Advocacy 6,210
7Others - Education 260
8Others - Environment 1,000
9Others - Mental Health 13,200
10Others - PWD 23,176
11 Youth - Livelihood initiatives 73,749
12 Youth - PWD - Skilling 20,341
13 Youth - Skilling for employment 150,975
14 Youth - Skilling for enterprise/Self-employment 29,590
  Note: The number of beneficiaries is represented for the entire project life cycle and not for the financial year. Additionally, all the CSR 
projects are undertaken for vulnerable and marginalised groups.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
45 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewPRINCIPLE	9:	Businesses	should	engage	with	and	provide	value	to	their	consumers	in	a	
responsible 	manner. 	
Essential Indicators
1.	 Describe	the	mechanisms	in	place	to	receive	and	respond	to	consumer	complaints	and	feedback.
  BFL has a well-defined grievance redressal mechanism covering all products and services offered. There 
are multiple self-help and assisted channels available to customers for redressal of their queries. All 
customer queries received across all channels are recorded in the BFL Customer relationship management 
system and customers are updated on the resolution provided.
  There is an escalation hierarchy basis which the customers can escalate to the next level. The details of 
the various channels and the escalation hierarchy is displayed on Company website, App and branches.
  Further, in line with RBI guidelines, the Company has incorporated the role of an Internal Ombudsman, who 
is an independent authority to review the grievances raised by customers.
  BFL has in place a dedicated team (Complaint Root Cause Resolution Unit- CRCR) to ensure continuous 
study and solutioning of customer complaints. The prime objective of the team is to reduce customer 
issues through a combination of data analysis, customer interactions and there by identifying root causes.
  For FY2025, BFL has received over 1.65 crore responses from its customers and achieved a CSAT score of 
97%.
2.		Turnover	of	products	and/	services	as	a	percentage	of	turnover	from	all	products/	service	that	
carry	information 	about:
As	a	percentage	to	total	turnover
Environmental and social 
parameters relevant to the 
productTransparency and fairness in dealings with customers is followed across BFL 
Group. None of the products withhold any relevant information needed by the 
customers to make informed decisions. 
Safe and responsible usage
Recycling and/or safe 
disposals
3.	 Number	of	consumer	complaints	in	respect	of	the	following:
FY2025 FY2024
Received 
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution at 
end of year RemarksReceived 
during	
the yearPending 	
resolution at 
end of year Remarks
Data Privacy 0 0 - 0 0 -
Advertising 0 0 - 0 0 -
Cyber- security 0 0 - 0 0 -
Delivery of 
essential 
services0 0 - 0 0 -
Restrictive Trade 
practices0 0 - 0 0 -
Unfair Trade 
practices0 0 - 0 0 -
Others 5,917 7 4 pending 
complaints 
have been 
resolved by  
29 April 20256,876 15 Pending 
complaints 
have been 
resolved by  
24 April 2024P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
46 38th Annual Report  2024-25 Some of the initiatives in this regard are:
• BFL Group, through its charters and policies etc, communicate customer rights, Company’s 
commitments, grievance redressal mechanism and ombudsman scheme, as applicable. These policies 
and communications emphasise our commitment to fair practices by maintaining transparency in 
products and services offered.
• Dedicated customer complaint reduction units are in place, to review the grievance redressal 
mechanism under oversight of the Boards of respective material subsidiaries.
• Customer grievances are also reviewed with focus on identification of root cause, corrective action 
plans and customer service initiatives.
4.	 Details	of	instances	of	product	recalls	on	account	of	safety	issues.	
Number Reasons for recall
Voluntary recallsNAForced recalls
5.		Does	the	entity	have	a	framework/policy	on	cyber	security	and	risks	related	to	data	privacy?	
(Yes/No)	If	available,	provide	a	web-link	of	the	policy.
  Yes. BFL Group has adopted an information security framework to establish, implement, monitor, and 
constantly improve its information security posture. We focus on privacy of customer information and data 
security. The Company has ‘Data Privacy Policy’ in place, same is available on the website of the Company 
and is applicable to all its subsidiaries. BFL is compliant with ISO 27001:2013 Information security 
management system. BFL Group is compliant with the applicable regulatory framework and guidelines. 
BHFL is compliant ISO 27001: 2022 Information security management system. For more details, please 
refer to section on “Information security, cyber security and fraud controls” section of the ESG report .
6.		Provide	details	of	any	corrective	actions	taken	or	underway	on	issues	relating	to	advertising	
and	delivery	of	essential	services;	cyber	security	and	data	privacy	of	customers;	re-occurrence	
of	instances	of	product	recalls;	penalty/action	taken	by	regulatory	authorities	on	safety	of	
products/services. 
 No penalties or regulatory action has been levied or taken on the above mentioned parameters.
7.	 Provide	the	following	information	relating	to	data	breaches:	
 a)  Number of instances of data breaches - 0
 b)  Percentage of data breaches involving personally identifiable information of customers -  0
 c)  Impact, if any, of the data breaches –  Not Applicable.
Leadership Indicators
	1.		Channels	/	platforms	where	information	on	products	and	services	of	the	entity	can	be	accessed	
(provide	web-link,	if	available).		
  BFL Group envisages to be an omnipresent financial company which will enable its existing and new 
customer to engage, transact and be serviced online to offline and vice versa. Information relating to various 
financial services provided by the BFL Group is available on the website https://www.bajajfinserv.in/ .
  Further, please refer to ‘Management Discussion and Analysis” section at page number 28 of this Report.
2.		Steps	taken	to	inform	and	educate	consumers	about	safe	and	responsible	usage	of	products	  
and/or services.  
  As a responsible corporate, it is imperative to not just do business with customers, but also educate them 
and make them more aware of what could be good or bad for them, frauds, addressing their questions on 
financial products, etc.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9Section A Section B Section C
47 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview  BFL Group has mechanisms to inform customers on usage of products and services offered. Continuous 
and contextual communication across the customer lifecycle through - press releases, yearly customer 
engagements, Company website and blogs, social media campaigns, use of video content, feature based 
audio-visual content for ease of understanding, etc. have helped us educate and create awareness 
amongst our customers and society at large.
  Further, please refer to ‘Customer Obsession” section of ESG report at https://www.aboutbajajfinserv.com/
impact-environmental-social-and-governance
3.		Mechanisms	in	place	to	inform	consumers	of	any	risk	of	disruption/discontinuation	of	essential	
services. 
  Technology enabled seamless customer experience has been the hallmark of our businesses. Each 
business is unique and so is its approach towards enhancing customer experience. But the core objectives 
that tie them together and stay the same are simplification of processes, ease of use and quick and 
appropriate response. In the current technology age, information security, cyber security, and fraud 
controls have become extremely critical. The need for robust control over these areas find a dominant 
place in our information technology framework. These controls obviate disruptions and security threats 
endangering loss of customer data and disruption in business operations.
  In line with the RBI regulation, the Company shall give ninety days advance notice in newspaper before 
reallocation or closure of branch office.
4.		Does	the	entity	display	product	information	on	the	product	over	and	above	what	is	mandated	as	
per	local	laws?	(Yes/	No/	Not	Applicable)	If	yes,	provide	details	in	brief.	Did	your	entity	carry	out	
any	survey	with	regard	to	consumer	satisfaction	relating	to	the	major	products	/	services	of	the	
entity,	significant	locations	of	operation	of	the	entity	or	the	entity	as	a	whole?	(Yes/No)
  Transparency and fairness in dealings with customers is followed across BFL Group. None of the products 
withhold any relevant information needed by the customers to make informed decisions. The BFL Group 
through its charters, policies, etc. communicate the customer rights, Company commitments, grievance 
redressal mechanism and ombudsman scheme, as applicable which emphasise our commitment to fair 
practices by maintaining transparency in products and services offered.
  The Company undertakes a CSAT (Customer Satisfaction) survey at various touchpoints to gauge 
the customer experience. Monitoring transactional customer satisfaction (CSAT) scores across all 
channels for multiple service interactions enables BFL Group to review the effectiveness of its customer 
engagement initiatives.P1
P2
P3
P4
P5
P6
P7
P8
P9
48 38th Annual Report  2024-25Annexure: 	Indicative 	List	of	Policies
Sr. 
No. 	Principle 	wise	PoliciesNGRBC Principles
123456789
1 Responsible and Sustainable Business Conduct Policy#
2 Environmental Policy#       
3 Code of Conduct to regulate, monitor and report trading 
by designated persons*         
4 Fair practices code*         
5 Prevention of Sexual harassment at workplace 
(Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal)#         
6 Disciplinary action and grievance redressal Policy#          
7 Code of Conduct for DSAs/DMA/Recovery Agents*         
8 Code for independent directors*          
9 Policy for dealing with Frauds*         
10 Information Security Management policy – Payments 
Systems*        
11 Cyber security policy*         
12 Data Privacy Policy#         
13Outsourcing policy*         
14 Vigil mechanism / whistle-blower policy#          
15 Know Your Customer Policy#         
16 Corporate Social Responsibility (CSR) Policy#          
17Policy for inquiry in case of leak or suspected leak of 
Unpublished Price Sensitive Information*         
18 Code of practices and procedures for fair disclosure and 
unpublished price sensitive information (UPSI)#         
19 Policy on Materiality of and dealing with Related Party 
Transactions#         
20 Policy for determination of materiality for disclosure of 
events or information#         
21 Interest Rate Policy#        
22 Policy on 'Fit and proper' criteria for directors*          
23 Performance Evaluation Criteria for Board, Committees of 
Board, Chairperson and Directors#         
24 Code of Ethics and Personal Conduct#          
25 Mind Your Behaviour*          
26Equal Employment opportunity and Non-Discrimination#          
27 Corporate Communication Policy*        
28 Employee Charter – Human Rights#        
29 IJP policy*          
30 Auto Promotion Policy*          
31 Recognition Policy*          
32 iCare Policy*          
33 Employee and parental insurance policy*          
34 Creche policy*          
35Staff welfare & team engagement policy*          
36 Fortnightly salary advance*          
37 Money on call*          
38 Dividend Distribution Policy#          
49 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSr. 
No. 	Principle 	wise	PoliciesNGRBC Principles
123456789
39 Board Diversity Policy*          
40 Fraud Detection Policy*         
41 Corporate Audit Services (CAS) - Risk Based Internal Audit 
(RBIA) Policy Document*
42 Grievance Redressal Mechanism*        
43Internal Ombudsman SOP*         
44 Customer Protections & Grievance Redressal Policy for 
Prepaid Payment Instruments (PPIs)*        
45 Sustainable Business Strategy Framework*         
46 Policy for Monitoring End-Use of Funds*         
47 Record maintenance and retention policy*  
48 Risk Management Policy*          
49 Investment and Market Risk Policy*          
50 Asset Liability Management Policy*          
51 Business Continuity Management Policy *         
52 Policy on dealing in securities of Group Companies*          
53 Remuneration policy#          
54 Password procedure policy*          
55Online Security*        
56Business Continuity Policy - Operations*          
57 Compliance Policy*          
58 Corporate Governance Policy#          
59 Framework for Corporate Governance in Subsidiary 
companies*
60 Institutional mechanism for prevention of insider trading* 
61Internal Capital Adequacy Assessment Process Policy 
(ICAAP)*
62 Policy for compensation of Key Managerial Personnel and 
SMT*         
63 Retirement Policy*          
64 Code of conduct for directors and senior management#          
65 Information Security policy*         
66 Information technology policy*         
67 IT outsourcing policy*         
68 Information and cyber security policy for insurance 
platform*        
69 Cyber Crisis Management Policy*         
70 Incident Management Plan*         
71 IS Audit Policy*         
72 Information Security Management Systems Change 
Management* 
73Liquidity Risk Management Framework*          
74 Policy for Appointment of Statutory Auditors#          
75 Policy on Preservation of Documents*         
76 IT Asset Disposal Policy*          
77 Policy on levy of Fees & Charges to customers*         
78 Distance Learning Program Policy*          
79 Employee cares fund*          
80 Group Digital Media Governance Policy for Employees*          
50 38th Annual Report  2024-25Sr. 
No. 	Principle 	wise	PoliciesNGRBC Principles
123456789
81 Performance Management Policy*          
82 Social Media Governance Policy*          
83 Spectrum Policy*          
84 Spouse Working as Consultant Policy*          
85 Environment, Health and Safety (EHS) Manual#         
86 Leaders as trainer policy*          
87 Celebration Framework*          
88Certified Trainer Policy*          
89 Code of Conduct Policy*          
90 Higher Education Policy*          
91 Job Rotation Policy*          
92 Interest Rate Risk and Currency Risk Hedging Policy*          
93 Resource Planning Policy*          
94 Policy on the manner of soliciting and servicing insurance 
products*        
95Operational Risk Management Policy*          
96 Information Security Management Systems-Cloud 
Operations Policy and Procedure*         
97 Suppliers' code of conduct#        
98Financial Prudence Policy “Mind your finances” *          
99 Environment, Health, and Safety (EHS) Policy*         
*Internal Document
#Accessible to Public
51 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewINDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT
Independent Assurance Statement to Bajaj Finance Limited on its Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) for the FY 2024-25
The Board of Directors,
Bajaj Finance Limited ,
4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar,
Pune- 411014
Nature of the Assurance
SGS India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as ‘SGS India’) was engaged by Bajaj Finance Limited (the 
‘Company’ or ‘BFL’) to conduct an independent assurance of the Company’s Business Responsibility and 
Sustainability Reporting (BRSR) (the ‘Report’) pertaining to the reporting period of April 1, 2024, to March 
31, 2025. SGS India has conducted a Reasonable level of assurance for BRSR core parameters and a Limited 
level of assurance for the remaining BRSR parameters, including essential and leadership indicators and all 
disclosures made thereunder. This assurance engagement was conducted in accordance with “International 
Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3000 (Revised) and ISAE 3410".
Reporting 	Framework
The Report has been prepared following the
1)  BRSR Core–Framework for assurance and ESG disclosures for value chain (SEBI vide Circular No.SEBI/HO/
CFD/CFD-SEC-2/P/CIR/2023/122) dated July 12, 2023
2)  BRSR reporting guidelines (Annexure II) as per SEBI Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/CMD-2/P/CIR/2021/562 
dated May 10, 2021, and incorporated Master Circular No. SEBI/HO/CFD/PoD2/CIR/P/2023/120 dated 
July 11, 2023, and as amended from time to time
3) Greenhouse Gas Protocol standard
4)  Industry Standards on Reporting of BRSR Core (SEBI/HO/CFD/CFD-PoD-1/P/CIR/2024/177) dated 
December 20, 2024
Intended	Users	of	this	Assurance	Statement
This Assurance Statement is provided with the intention of informing all Bajaj Finance Limited’s Stakeholders.
Responsibilities
The information in the report and its presentation are the responsibility of the Management of the Company. 
SGS India has not been involved in the preparation of any of the material included in the Report.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, and statements within the defined scope of 
assurance, aiming to inform the Management of the Company, and in alignment with the agreed terms of 
reference. We do not accept or assume any responsibility beyond this specific scope. The Statement shall not 
be used for interpreting the overall performance of the Company, except for the aspects explicitly mentioned 
within the scope.
Assurance Standard
SGS has conducted a Reasonable level of Assurance w.r.t BRSR core parameters under 9 ESG Attributes and a 
Limited level of assurance for the remaining BRSR principles, including essential and leadership indicators. This 
engagement was performed in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance Engagement (ISAE) 
3000(revised) and ISAE 3410 (Assurance Engagements other than Audits or Reviews of Historical Financial 
Information). Our evidence-gathering procedures were designed to obtain a ‘Reasonable’ level of assurance, 
which is a high level of assurance in accordance with ISAE 3000(revised) standard but is not absolute 
certainty. It involves obtaining sufficient appropriate evidence to support the conclusion that the information 
presented in the report is fairly stated and is free from material misstatements.
52 38th Annual Report  2024-25Statement 	of	Independence 	and	Competence
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and assurance, operating in more 
than 140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report 
assurance. SGS affirm our independence from Bajaj Finance Limited, being free from bias and conflicts of 
interest with the organization, its subsidiaries and stakeholders.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this 
assignment, and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, 
QMS, EMS, SMS, GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Validation Lead Auditors and experience on the 
SRA Assurance.
Scope of Assurance
The assurance process involved assessing the quality, accuracy, and reliability of BRSR Indicators (KPIs) within 
the report for the period April 1, 2024, to March 31, 2025. The reporting scope and boundaries include Bajaj 
Finance Limited and its 2 subsidiaries viz., Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) and Bajaj Financial Securities 
Limited (BFSL) offices spread across the different states of India.
Assurance 	Methodology
The assurance comprised a combination of desktop review, interaction with the key personnel engaged in 
the process of developing the report, on-site visits, and remote verification of data. Specifically, SGS India 
undertook the following activities:
• Assessment of the suitability of the applicable criteria in terms of its comprehensiveness, reliability, 
and accuracy.
• Interaction with key personnel responsible for collecting, consolidating, and calculating the BRSR core KPIs, 
BRSR non-core indicators and assessing the internal control mechanisms in place to ensure data quality.
• Application of analytical procedures and verification of documents on a sample basis for the compilation and 
reporting of the BRSR core KPIs and BRSR non-core indicators.
• Assessing the aggregation process of data at the Head Office level.
• Critical review of the report regarding the plausibility and consistency of qualitative and quantitative 
information related to the BRSR core KPIs and BRSR non-core indicators.
Limitations
The assurance scope excludes:
• Disclosures other than those mentioned in the assurance scope.
• Data review outside the operational sites as mentioned in the reporting boundary.
• Validation of any data and information other than those presented in “Findings and Conclusion.”
• The assurance engagement considers an uncertainty of ±5% based on the materiality threshold for 
Assumption/ estimation/measurement errors and omissions.
• The Company’s statements that describe the expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim to 
future intention provided by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights and other 
competitive issues.
• Strategy and other related linkages expressed in the Report.
• Mapping of the Report with reporting frameworks other than those mentioned in the Reporting 
Criteria above.
SGS India verified data on a sample basis; the responsibility for the authenticity of the data entirely lies with the 
Company. The assurance scope excluded forward-looking statements, product- or service-related information, 
external information sources and expert opinions. SGS India has not been involved in the evaluation or 
assessment of any financial data/performance of the company. Our opinion on financial indicators is based 
on the third-party audited financial reports of the Company. SGS India does not take any responsibility for the 
financial data reported in the audited financial reports of the Company.
53 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewFindings 	and	Conclusions
BRSR Core Indicators:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, we are satisfied that the 
information presented by the Company in its report, on the Core Indicators (Annexure A) is complete, accurate, 
reliable, has been fairly stated in all material respects, and is prepared in line with the BRSR requirements.
BRSR Non-Core Indicators:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the essential and leadership indicators (as per the table below) 
reported in the BRSR report are not prepared, in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
The list of BRSR Indicators that were verified within this assurance engagement is given below:
PrinciplesLimited Limited	 Reasonable
Essential IndicatorsLeadership 
IndicatorsCore
Indicators
Section A General Disclosures
Section B Management and process disclosures
Section C
Principle 1: Businesses should conduct and govern 
themselves with integrity, and in a manner that is Ethical, 
Transparent and Accountable.1,2,3,4,5,6,7 1, 2 8,9
Principle 2: Businesses should provide goods and services 
in a manner that is sustainable and safe.1,2,3,4 1,2,3,4,5 -
Principle 3: Businesses should respect and promote the 
well-being of all employees, including those in their value 
chains.1(a)(b),2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,10, 
12,13,14,151,2,3,4,5,6 1(c),11
Principle 4: Businesses should respect the interests of and 
be responsive to all its stakeholders.1,2 1,2,3 -
Principle 5: Businesses should respect and promote human 
rights.1,2,3(a),4,5,6,8,9,10,11 1,2,3,4,5 3(b),7
Principle 6: Businesses should respect and make efforts to 
protect and restore the environment.2,5,6,8,10,11,12,13 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8 1,3,4,7,9
Principle 7: Businesses, when engaging in influencing public 
and regulatory policy, should do so in a manner that is 
responsible and transparent.1,2 1 -
Principle 8: Businesses should promote inclusive growth 
and equitable development.1,2,3 1,2,3,4,5,6 4,5
Principle 9: Businesses should engage with and provide 
value to their consumers in a responsible manner1,2,3,4,5,6 1,2,3,4 7
For and on behalf of SGS India Private Limited
Ashwini K. Mavinkurve,
Technical reviewer
Head – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India 
Pune, India 
12th  June ,2025Blessy Sen
Lead Verifier – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India 
Pune, India 
Team Members: Abhijit M. Joshi
54 38th Annual Report  2024-25Annexure	A
Sr. 
No.Attribute Parameter Unit of MeasuresAssured 
Values
1 Green-house gas 
(GHG) footprint 
Greenhouse gas 
emissions may 
be measured in 
accordance with 
the Greenhouse Gas 
Protocol: A Corporate 
Accounting and 
Reporting StandardTotal Scope 1 emissions Metric Tonnes (MT) of CO2e 6,169.13
Total Scope 2 emissions MT of CO2e 35,483.10
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emissions 
intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total Scope 
1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / revenue from 
operations)MT of CO2e per crore of consolidated total 
revenue from operations0.60
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity per rupee of turnover adjusted 
for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) (Total 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emissions / Revenue 
from operations adjusted for PPP)MT of CO2e per crore of consolidated total 
revenue from operations adjusted for PPP12.34
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity in terms of physical output (Total 
Scope 1 and Scope 2 GHG emission / average 
FTE)MT of CO2e per average FTE 0.59
Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission 
intensity (optional)
(Total Scope 1 and Scope 2 emission / 
consolidated total loan portfolio)MT of CO2e per crore of consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.10
2 Water footprint Total volume of water consumption Kiloliters (KL) 856,861.65
Water intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total 
water consumption / Revenue from operations)KL per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations12.29
Water intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP)  (Total water consumption / Revenue 
from operations adjusted for PPP)KL per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations adjusted for PPP253.89
Water intensity in terms of physical output  
(Total water consumption / average FTE)KL per average FTE 12.22
Water intensity (optional)  (Total water 
consumption / consolidated total loan 
portfolio)KL per crore of consolidated total loan portfolio 2.10
Water Discharge by destination and levels of 
TreatmentKL Not Reported
3 Energy footprint Total energy consumed Gigajoules (GJ) 240,862.24
% of energy consumed from renewable sources In % terms 0.30%
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 
(Total energy consumed / Revenue from 
operations)GJ per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations3.45
Energy intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total energy consumed / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)GJ per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations adjusted for PPP71.37
Energy intensity in terms of physical 
output (Total energy consumed / average 
FTE)GJ per average FTE 3.44
Energy intensity (optional) (Total energy 
consumed / consolidated total loan portfolio)GJ per crore of consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.59
4 Embracing circularity 
- details related to 
waste management 
by the entityE-waste MT 34.24
Bio-medical waste MT 0.02
Battery waste MT 92.74
Total waste generated MT 127.00
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover  (Total 
waste generated / Revenue from operations)MT per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations0.0018
Waste intensity per rupee of turnover 
adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity 
(PPP) (Total waste generated / Revenue from 
operations adjusted for PPP)MT per crore of consolidated total revenue 
from operations adjusted for PPP0.038
Waste intensity in terms of physical output 
(Total waste generated / average FTE)MT per average FTE 0.002
Waste intensity (optional) (Total waste 
generated / consolidated total loan portfolio)MT per crore of consolidated total loan 
portfolio0.0003
55 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSr. 
No.Attribute Parameter Unit of MeasuresAssured 
Values
Total waste recovered through recycling, re-using or other recovery operations
(i) Recycled MT 112.40
(ii) Re-used MT -
(iii) Other recovery operations MT 14.58
Total MT 126.98
Total waste disposed by nature of disposal method
(i) Incineration MT 0.004
(ii) Landfilling MT -
(iii)  Other disposal operations (Safe disposal) MT 0.018
Total MT 0.022
5 Enhancing Employee 
Wellbeing and SafetySpending on measures towards well- being 
of employees and workers – cost incurred on 
well-being measures as a % of total revenue of 
the companyIn % terms 0.10%
Details of safety related incidents for 
employees and workersNumber of Permanent Disabilities Nil
Lost Time Injury Frequency Rate (LTIFR) (per 
one million-person hours worked)Nil
No. of fatalities Nil
6 Enabling Gender 
Diversity in BusinessGross wages paid to females as % of wages 
paidIn % terms 6.48%
Complaints on POSH Total Complaints on Sexual Harassment 
(POSH) reported10
Complaints on POSH as a % of female 
employees / workers0.18%
Complaints on POSH upheld 9
7 Enabling Inclusive 
DevelopmentInput material sourced from following sources 
as % of total purchases –Directly sourced from 
MSMEs/ small producersAs % of total purchases by value 4.57%
Input material sourced from following sources 
as % of total purchases – within IndiaAs % of total purchases by value 99.38%
Job creation in smaller towns – Wages paid 
to persons employed in smaller towns as % of 
total wage costRural 3.17%
Semi-urban 13.04%
Urban 23.36%
Metropolitan 60.43%
8 Fairness in Engaging 
with Customers and 
SuppliersInstances involving loss / breach of data 
of customers as a percentage of total data 
breaches or cyber security eventsIn % terms 0
Number of days of accounts payable (Accounts payable *365) / Cost of goods/
services procured18.56
9Open-ness of 
businessConcentration of purchases & sales done with 
trading houses, dealers, and related parties 
Loans and advances & investments with 
related partiesPurchases from trading houses as % of total 
purchasesNil
Number of trading houses where purchases 
are made fromNil
Purchases from top 10 trading houses as % of 
total purchases from trading houses.Nil
Sales to dealers / distributors as % of total 
salesNil
Number of dealers / distributors to whom 
sales are madeNil
Sales to top 10 dealers / distributors as % of total 
sales to dealers / distributorsNil
Share of RPTs (as respective %age) in -
Purchases 3.57%
Sales 1.36%
Loans & Advances 0.18%
Investments 26.23%
56 38th Annual Report  2024-25GHG ASSURANCE STATEMENT
Bajaj Finance Limited
4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar,
Pune- 411014
SGS India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as SGS India) was contracted by Bajaj Finance Limited (the 
‘Company’ or ‘BFL’) to conduct an independent assurance of its annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory for 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 pertaining to the reporting period of 1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025. The 
Company has developed its GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard and ISO 14064-1 standard. SGS India has conducted a Reasonable level of assurance 
for Scope 1 & Scope 2 and a Limited level of assurance for Scope 3 data. This assurance engagement was 
conducted in accordance with the “International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410”.
SGS India verified the following parameters given in the Table below:
Scope	1	and	Scope	2	Data
LocationsActual	emission 	(tCo2e)
Scope	1 Scope	2
Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL) 5,884.13 32,320.76
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) 205.83 2160.11
Bajaj Financial Securities Limited (BFSL) 79.16 1,002.22
Scope	3	Data
LocationsScope	3	actual	
emission 	(tCo2e)
Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL) 18,770.45
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) 1,406.85
Bajaj Financial Securities Limited (BFSL) 274.74
Verification Statement no: BA_ESG_2628073_GHG_V1
Statement Date: 12 June 2025
This Statement is issued, on behalf of Client, by SGS India ("SGS") under its General Conditions for ESG Assurance Services. A full copy of 
this statement may be consulted at SGS India. This Statement does not relieve Client from compliance with any regulations that applied to 
it. Stipulations to the contrary are not binding on SGS and therefore SGS shall have no responsibility vis-à-vis parties other than its Client.
This Statement is not valid without the full verification scope, objectives, criteria and findings available on the Statement. 
57 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewINDEPENDENT ASSURANCE STATEMENT 
Independent Assurance Statement to Bajaj Finance Limited  on its Greenhouse Gas Inventory for FY 24-25
The Board of Directors,
Bajaj Finance Limited
4th Floor, Bajaj Finserv Corporate office,
off Pune Ahmednagar Road, Viman Nagar,
Pune- 411014
Nature of the Assurance
SGS India Private Limited (hereinafter referred to as SGS India) was contracted by Bajaj Finance Limited (the 
‘Company’ or ‘BFL’) to conduct an independent assurance of its annual Greenhouse Gas (GHG) inventory for 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 pertaining to the reporting period of 1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025. The 
Company has developed its GHG inventory in accordance with the GHG Protocol Corporate Accounting and 
Reporting Standard and ISO 14064-1 standard. SGS India has conducted a Reasonable level of assurance 
for Scope 1 & Scope 2 and a Limited level of assurance for Scope 3 data. This assurance engagement was 
conducted in accordance with the “International Standard on Assurance Engagements (ISAE) 3410”.
Responsibilities
The information in the report and its presentation are the responsibility of the Management of the Company. 
SGS India has not been involved in the preparation of any of the material included in the report.
Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the text, data, calculation, and statements within the defined 
scope of verification, aiming to inform the Management of the Company, and in alignment with the agreed terms 
of reference. We do not accept or assume any responsibility beyond this specific purpose, and it is not intended 
for use in interpreting the overall performance of the Company, except for the aspects explicitly mentioned 
within the scope. The Company holds the responsibility for preparing and ensuring the fair representation of the 
verification scope.
Assurance Standard
SGS India has conducted Reasonable level assurance for Scope 1 & Scope 2 and Limited level assurance for 
Scope 3 data. This engagement was performed in accordance with the International Standard on Assurance 
Engagement (ISAE) 3410. Our evidence-gathering procedures were designed to obtain a ‘Reasonable level of 
assurance’ which involves the underlying assumption that the control environment and controls are reliable.
Statement 	of	Independence 	and	Competence
The SGS Group of companies is the world leader in inspection, testing and assurance, operating in more 
than 140 countries and providing services including management systems and service certification; quality, 
environmental, social and ethical auditing and training; environmental, social and sustainability report 
assurance. SGS affirm our independence from Bajaj Finance Limited, being free from bias and conflicts of 
interest with the organization, its subsidiaries and stakeholders.
The assurance team was assembled based on their knowledge, experience and qualifications for this 
assignment, and comprised auditors registered with ISO 26000, ISO 20121, ISO 50001, SA8000, RBA, 
QMS, EMS, SMS, GPMS, CFP, WFP, GHG Verification and GHG Validation Lead Auditors and experience on the 
SRA Assurance.
Scope of Assurance
The assurance exercise included the evaluation of quality, accuracy, and reliability of the GHG Inventory on 
Scope 1, Scope 2 and Scope 3 data for the period 1st April 2024 to 31st March 2025. The scope of verification 
covers the following aspects:
• The reporting scope and boundaries include Bajaj Finance Limited and its 2 subsidiaries viz., Bajaj Housing 
Finance Limited (BHFL) and Bajaj Financial Securities Limited (BFSL) offices spread across the different 
states of India and this is aligned with the GHG inventory consolidation approach.
58 38th Annual Report  2024-25Assurance 	Methodology
The assurance comprised a combination of pre-assurance research, interaction with the key personnel 
engaged in the process of developing the company’s GHG inventory, on-site visits, and remote desk review & 
verification of data. Specifically, SGS India executed the following activities:
• Interaction with key personnel from the head office and selected branch locations to understand and review 
the current processes in place for developing the Company’s GHG inventory.
• Assessment of internal control mechanism to ensure the reliability and accuracy of emission data.
• Review of the data management system used for collection and consolidation of emission data.
• Review of consistency of data/information within the GHG inventory and between the inventory and source.
• Evaluation of the appropriateness of the quantification methods used to arrive at the Scope 1, Scope 2 and 
Scope 3 emissions with respect to the specific requirements of the GHG Protocol
• Assurance of emission data on a sample basis, including conversion factors and emissions factors.
Limitations
The assurance scope excludes:
• Disclosures other than those mentioned in the assurance scope.
• Data review outside the operational sites as mentioned in the reporting boundary.
• Validation of any data and information other than those presented in “Findings and Conclusion.”
• The assurance engagement considers an uncertainty of ±5% based on materiality threshold for Assumption/ 
estimation/measurement errors and omissions.
• The Company’s statements that describe the expression of opinion, belief, aspiration, expectation, aim to 
future intention provided by the Company, and assertions related to Intellectual Property Rights and other 
competitive issues.
• Strategy and other related linkages expressed in the Report.
• Mapping of the Report with reporting frameworks other than those mentioned in Reporting Criteria above.
SGS India verified data on a sample basis; the responsibility for the authenticity of data entirely lies with the 
Company. The assurance scope excluded forward-looking statements, product- or service-related information, 
external information sources and expert opinions.
Findings 	and	Conclusions
Scope	1	and	Scope	2	inventory:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, we are satisfied that the 
information presented by the Company in its report is complete, accurate, reliable, has been fairly stated in all 
material respects, and is prepared in line with the reporting criteria.
Scope	3	inventory:
Based on the procedures we have performed and the evidence we have obtained, nothing has come to our 
attention that causes us to believe that the information presented by the Company in its report is not prepared, 
in all material respects, in accordance with the reporting criteria.
59 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
OverviewSGS India verified the following parameters given in the Table below:
Scope	1	and	Scope	2	Data
LocationsActual	emission 	(tCo2e)
Scope	1 Scope	2
Bajaj Finance Limited (BFL) 5,884.13 32,320.76
Bajaj Housing Finance Limited (BHFL) 205.83 2,160.11
Bajaj Financial Securities Limited (BFSL) 79.16 1,002.22
Total Emission 6,169.13 35,483.10
Scope	3	Data
Categories	of	Scope	3Actual 
emission 	
(tCo2e)
Category 1: Purchased Goods and Services 1,319.65
Category 3: Fuel & Energy Related Activities not included in Scope 1 and Scope 2 6,238.41
Category 5: Waste generation in Operations 0.81
Category 6: Business Travel 12,893.18
Total Emission 20,452.05
For and on behalf of SGS India Private Limited
Ashwini K. Mavinkurve,
Technical reviewer
Head – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India 
Pune, India 
12th  June ,2025Blessy Sen
Lead Verifier – ESG & Sustainability Services, SGS India 
Pune, India 
Team Members: Abhijit M. Joshi
60 38th Annual Report  2024-25Annexure 	2:	Mapping 	United	Nations 	Sustainable 	
Development 	Goals	(UNSDG)
We	have	mapped	our	initiatives	under	the	BRSR	principles	to	
the	United	Nations	Sustainable	Development	Goals
Principle	1	:	 Principle	6	:	
Principle	2	:	 Principle	7	:	
Principle	4	:	 Principle	9	:	
Principle	5	:	Principle	3	:	 Principle	8	:	 Businesses should conduct and govern 
themselves with integrity, and in a manner that 
is Ethical, Transparent and Accountable.Businesses should respect and make efforts to 
protect and restore the environment.
Businesses should provide goods and services 
in a manner that is sustainable and safe.Businesses, when engaging in influencing 
public and regulatory policy, should do so in a 
manner that is responsible and transparent.
Businesses should respect the interests of and 
be responsive to all its stakeholders.Businesses should engage with and provide value 
to their consumers in a responsible manner.
Businesses should respect and promote 
human rights.Businesses should respect and promote the 
well-being of all employees, including those in 
their value chains.Businesses should promote inclusive growth 
and equitable development.
61 Business Responsibility & Sustainability Report
Financial  
StatementsStatutory  
ReportsCorporate  
Overview